[u'Kansas State was my first choice in schools to transfer to becuase of its family oriented environment. "EPAW!" This is the anacronym that best says what Kansas State is about: family, inclusion, diversity and friends. "Every Person A Wildcat!" I have embraced this philosophy and made it the philosophy of my life. It has made me happy and introduced and shed new light on how I view life, both my failures and successes. I hope one day that Kansas State will be able to offer scholarships to not only traditional, but also non-traditional students, like myself.', u'Amazing! I enjoyed every little thing about it. The food was great. The campus was great, and finally the teacher to student ratio is good.Amazing! I enjoyed every little thing about it. The food was great. The campus was great, and finally the teacher to student ratio is good.', u'Kansas State is such an amazing college. Everyone you meet is friendly, and there are so many cool opportunities throughout the college that you are sure to find something to get involved in. The only thing I would change is how they run their housing and dining. It is a mess and they do no communicate well.', u'Kansas State University provides a very family, friendly atmosphere. Being a pedestrian based Campus, the community is closer then other Colleges or Universities. The University provides great education and social interactions. The town of Manhattan is a great little place to live, party and study. I have loved everything about being here. It really is a great environment for anybody. Would highly recommend this University to anyone.', u'I love how the campus really tries their best to revolve themselves around the idea of family. Even though times get tough and things happen around campus, the community never fails to acknowledge the problem and come back together as one.', u'i liked how my first visit there i already felt at home and everyone there is so nice and kind and they treated my like family as soon as i stepped on campus.', u'Kansas State is a great place to be if you are looking to be in a smaller friendly community. The University is the heart of the town and everyone bleed purple. The sporting events are very well attended especially Saturday football games better know as Caturdays. I feel very safe here and there is plenty of activities from going to the lake or headed to the "Ville" to eat or drink. They have every type of bar for any type of crowd. There are many different housing options on campus between dorms, greek houses, and apartments. As well as housing located off campus just blocks away. We have great facilities including the union and rec center. The classrooms are nice and the professors truly get to know you. Class sizes are relatively small which I enjoy. The campus is continually being modernized and 3 of the colleges have been redone in the past 2 years but they still keep the beautiful appearance using the limestone on the buildings. I would recommend this school to anyone!!', u"Upon entering the town of Manhattan, there is purple all over the place and just has a very welcoming and proud feeling. The actual campus itself is very beautiful and there is school colors all around. It has a feeling of a Hogwarts school (for all those harry potter fans). Once I took a step inside of the campus I knew I belonged. I've been to the campus a couple times and the buildings and dorms are all very nice.", u'The campus is lively and incredibly beautiful! The faculty at Kansas State University is well trained and open with their students. They will always help and put a smile on your face!', u'Great place to meet friends, make awesome memories, and proudly be a WILDCAT! The first day of school is easily where you meet most of your friends and connections here on campus, and you wind up feeling like you know a little bit about everyone in just a few short months. The teachers are always so helpful, sweet, and really just want to help their students succeed. They are always approachable. The best part of K-State is knowing you are part of one big family.', u'The last time I visited K-State the people treated me politely and helped me around the campus. The campus seemed very organized and absolutely beautiful.', u'It gives me a safe environment to learn. I have many activities and clubs to join to make new friends. The campus is easy to get around in and everything is clean and friendly.', u'Kansas state university is a great school with many different academic programs to suit any interest.', u'Kansas State University has so many options and events going on at all times. The campus is clean and constantly growing and being remodeled. Awesome place to go to school and see homey, Manhattan, Kansas.', u'K-State overall is a great school that offers many different educational opportunities for students of all ages. When I first arrived at K-State I had no idea what I wanted to do but within two years I had found my dream. At K-State, there are many teachers, mentors, and advisors that are helpful and willing to work with you.', u'Very eye opening. Faculty always willing to help out students. Great family vibe student always friendly. There is always something to get involed with. Purple pride GO Cats.', u'The community surrounding it is very welcoming and friendly. They have great facilities and do collaborations with the military nearby at Ft. Riley. They care about their students and faculty and really try to help you enjoy and succeed.', u'I have loved my time here! It is a beautiful campus with friendly students. The teachers are willing to help outside of class and I have met my best friends for life here.', u'Kansas State University is a very diverse university that makes sure to take care of the needs of everyone. The environment is really very serene and pleasant and homely!', u'I have had a mostly positive experience at Kansas State. Most of my teachers have been excellent and taught me a lot. It has truly prepared me for me Graduate School I plan to go into. However, many of the older buildings need major remodeling to make them a more comfortable learning environment. There are new buildings being build while some of the older ones have become neglected. Despite this I have enjoyed my time here and feel like it was worth my time and money.', u'Kansas State University has so far been a very enjoyable place to continue my education. There are so many different organizations you can be a part of to make your experience more enjoyable. Many of the professors will go above and beyond to help you succeed, which is something that high school teachers said would not happen. And there are also many other resources that are available to students.', u'Kansas State University has a great, warm, family oriented community. At Kansas State I have learned that there is something for everyone to get involved in. I have loved every bit of my college experience at Kansas State!', u"Kansas State University is known for its family atmosphere. From my first class to my last, I felt right at home on campus. The professors are approachable and truly care about their students' academic performance.", u'I like the fact that even though it\u2019s a big campus you don\u2019t have to really walk too far for your classes as well as the fact that it also pretty nice.', u'Kansas State University is like an Amazing Welcoming Family. One that stands behind you and keeps you going even when you feel like giving up. The campus is small enough to get around and able to make getting between classes easy. The advisers and staff are available to you and guide you through options as well as break down the system so that you can understand what is expected of you.', u'When I first stepped foot on this campus I immediately felt at home. There is a family atmosphere that wasn\u2019t at any of the other colleges I looked at. The professors are cool, the classes are fun, and the sporting events are amazing! I am currently a freshman on the rowing team. With that being said, I do get a little bit more things than an average student. I get free tickets to all the football and basketball games, amazing breakfast and dinner, and I\u2019ve made amazing friends. If you\u2019re a student athlete or just a student, definitely come to K-State.', u'Friendly environment, safe, good professors and research. Opportunities for student research and jobs, and a safe and friendly surrounding community. Many resources for every student.', u'I am located at Kansas State Polytechnic, which is in Salina, ks. While yes its not main campus it is a very nice facility that has helped me chase my dream of becoming an Airline Pilot.', u'Very Loving and caring schools that genuinely cares about the students that attend both academically and emotionally', u'I am an incoming freshman who has been visiting the campus for the last four years for FFA. Everyone is so nice there and the campus is beautiful. Im so excited to become a Wildcat this fall!', u'Kansas State University has been my home away from home for three years now. The environment is beyond welcoming and friendly. In fact, a common phrase that you hear from high school seniors and juniors coming on tours here is, "Everyone is so friendly here."\nThis place gave me the opportunity to step out of my comfort zone and join Greek life. The Greek life on campus is unique in that we are all a community that roots for one another, but still competes hard for the coveted Homecoming 1st Place Win.', u'I loved the atmosphere of the campus and the dedication by all of the staff to ensure you get the highest quality education.', u'Kansas State is a family, we have a beautiful campus, national ranked sports teams, have great programs, and ranked the best college town in the country', u'Coming in as a transfer student I felt so welcomed by the people at Kanas State University. Everyone was so nice and wanted to get to know me, which made me feel like a part of the purple family from the start.', u'This is a great school! The teachers are great and seem eager to teach. The dorms are the great as well lots of nice people to get alone with, K state is like a big happy family. Also the food is pretty great, I would say I never go hungry here at K state. But the biggest importance in my opinion is that this school is one of the safest schools I have ever been to.', u"I go to KSU online (Global Campus) and I love it! It provides the flexibility I need as a new mother and all the teachers I have had thus far are very good at what they do! I will say that you have to be self-motivated to get through your work. Your teacher is not reminding you of assignments due, etc like you'd find on campus.", u'While touring the campus, the students were all very friendly and outgoing, while offering to help in any way they could. The campus is small and perfect. The library is amazing; with moving shelves and the Harry Potter Great Hall study room, there are resources that are ready to be utilized.', u'I so far have loved K-State all the friendships that I have made are ones that I will remember and cherish forever. The environment is also so welcoming and friendly.', u"I love K-State. It's not just propaganda when they say that we are family. Everyone has so much pride for the school that you can't help but love almost anyone you meet. Things are easy to locate, professors are kind and there are so many ways to get involved!", u"The atmosphere at K-State is very down to Earth. Everyone is always willing to help or talk. It's a Division 1 school but on a smaller campus, and a small town feel. There is always something to do and the football games are always legendary. Kansas State University is a pretty good school, but average on a grand scale.", u'Family. That is what I felt when I visited Kansas State. Everyone at K-State was super friendly and made you feel at home. There is no other college in the nation that will make you feel like you are at home when you walk on campus and meet the people of Manhattan. It is no wonder why the football team walks into the game with a piece of wood that says, family. I highly recommend this college to anyone looking for a high quality education with many opportunities for future success.', u'Kansas State University (KSU) has been an amazing experience for me! The school is large, but it still has that close knit family feeling. My favorite part about the KSU are the professors. They go above and beyond to meet their students needs. All the academic help is just outstanding! This was so important my freshmen year since I was so far away from home and needed that extra time and attention in order to figure this new life out!', u'K-State is a great school. Most of the professors are very good and very helpful; however, i feel that courses are at times extremely easy and are not challenging enough.', u'Kansas State is a wonderful place. I originate from a small town in Kansas and was worried about being overwhelmed, but luckily Kansas State is a fairly big city, with a small town feel. Everyone is kind and super friendly. The dorms are a wonderful place to meet new people, get help on homework, and always finding a way to get connected.', u'They have great programs that will really help me advance my education, and everyone I have talked to has been super helpful.', u"Everything i had experienced at K-State on my first semester there was amazing. I'm an International student and when i first came to k-state i was a little scared about the culture, the university and more. But i soon realized the amazing eviroment and people that are at k-state. The academic was amazing except for 2 english classes that they required me to take and i didn't need to, but besides that i would highly recommend this university to everyone.", u'I love how open and welcoming Kansas State is, although I would like to see more diversity. The faculty is in general very easy to get along with. Most professors really do want to see you succeed and are easy to talk to.', u'I have loved the atmosphere at K-State. It really does feel like family and the help I get from professors has been so appreciated!', u'I like the fact I can become my own person and I do not approve of the gun law that they pass for the campus.', u'The school environment is bad. There is not a lot to do in the area. The party scene is dead. It is very expensive for out of state students, but they have an very good aviation program.', u"I am not yet attending Kansas State University but the two tours I have been on (both junior and senior years of high school) proved to me right away that the school was the right place for me. Anyone you met was genuinely kind and friendly, they were also direct and easy to ask for help. The students around campus that I spoke with were helpful and easy going. The campus is beautiful and easy to navigate. Something important that they have is a 24 hour tutoring building for students who need help whenever they need it. I had a chance to speak with the main professor of my major (Economics) and he was glad to set up an appointment to talk to me about the major and what I could expect from the college course itself. The majority of students don't meet their professors until they get to college and are usually an unfamiliar face, so meeting the professor really impressed me. I would recommend Kansas State to anyone I know, in or out of state.", u'I have loved attending KSU, have made wonderful friends, and am getting a great education. The school is great about helping make sure we get what we need. I am working on getting an internship, and the availability of companies has been impressive. My classes are hard, but I am learning! I am anxious to start my career in architectural engineering.', u'Coming into college as a first generation student, I didn\u2019t really know what to expect. If I did have any expectations, I know for a fact that K-State would surpass them. I have been surrounded by nothing but support and friendliness. They aren\u2019t kidding when they say that K-State is a family. I see a new person on campus every day and everyone always has a smile on their face. Every employee on campus are all really nice and are always willing to help.', u'Overall, KSU is a nice university. I just wish there was more diversity, so other races can feel more welcomed. Academically, I appreciate the professors and how well they know the material and are so willing to help me receive a better meaning of the understanding. The area surrounding the campus is very nice and I feel safe. I would recommend others to become a K-State Wildcat.', u'I loved how welcome I felt as soon as I stepped onto the campus. I felt like I was at home within my first month of living there!', u'I enjoy the atmosphere on campus very much. I came from a small town and had an easy transition to college. I feel safe on campus and there are a bunch of fun activities I\u2019m involved in that make my college experience fantastic.', u'It may seem very clich\xe9 but I really do feel that Kansas State University is one big family. There are about 24,000 students; however, there is not a place on campus that I do not run into someone I know. The diverse student population allows me to meet new friends daily. In addition, I believe the professors at K-State are a huge asset to the University. They care about their students\u2019 careers, goals, and life outside of their courses. I feel very confident that I could talk to any of my professors about my personal life and they would be willing to help through any issues or point me towards resources.', u'So far, I have only had good experiences at KSU. The professors work hard to ensure a good education is obtained by the students and the university as a whole works to improve student life and resources.', u'I had a great time visiting Kansas State University. K-State had many opportunities for freshmen entering. I liked how diverse the school was. One thing I would change is transportation. Like school buses to get you to places faster around the campus.', u"Friendly environment, willing to meet people from all different kinds of backgrounds. The environment is very welcoming and makes the campus, although big, feel like we are at a small school because of the close-knit community. It's an easy walk from each building and you can get practically anywhere by foot. The town is comfortable to live in and Aggieville makes Manhattan feel like home.", u'What I have liked most about Kansas State University is the sense of community and family among faculty, staff, and students.', u'K-State is the perfect college. Great academics with a focus on research; great sports emphasis thanks to Bill Snyder; awesome town full of fun, local restaurants and shops; and a great community filled with great people!', u'It was great! Price was outrageous, though. Thanks, LBJ. There was a great sense of community and academics. I would love to spend more time there.', u'They were very accommodating and friendly all around the campus providing help and directions. K-State is known all around for an influential Vet and engineering program providing only the very best for their students. The campus is beautiful drawing comparisons to Hogwarts. Their athletics programs especially their football team, is nationally ranked almost every year. K-State specifically placed around 50 black-lights around their campus providing safety for the students if they ever felt scared. K-State is easily the best college in Kansas if not the country. EMAW for life.', u"Just like every relationship, Kansas State has its ups and downs. Like most colleges, Kansas State definitely has its hardships. Where studying becomes the priority and exams aren't easy. When the studying pays off it's always a reward, but that's not where the relationship starts. The relationship starts with the town of Manhattan. It's a beautiful and active town filled with scenery, colors, amazing people, and a night life like none other. Where the beauty doesn't stop and flows right into campus bringing such a power and caring community filled with college pride. Here at K-State I've met many people all of which I wish I thank them more. Where from student to staff they are very caring and inspiring, so kind you can't stop it from changing your overall happiness, the blessing it is.", u'I really enjoy the atmosphere and the people, including the professors but the dorms are not the best in the world.', u'Such a great school with so many friendly people and a small town feel within a mid sized town. My number one choice for college at such a great price.', u"When we say we are the K-State family we mean it. Everyone is friendly and kind and so welcoming. I wouldn't want to be going to school anywhere else.", u'There is a sense of family at this campus. Everyone stands together for one another, including students and faculty.', u'This summer I went to visit this campus. The university is beautiful with the pretty old buildings. Right outside of the campus there is much to do.', u'I enjoy the college experience that I have at K-State. I wish that the food for the meal plans would improve.', u'I chose Kansas State due to the family environment. Family is such a strong word to K-State - Its used in attraction for our university, written on a wooden plank and held high during football games. It has a hometown environment and feeling, making Kansas State a genuine and lovable university.', u"Kansas State is a great place to go to, it has a lot of scenery and it's really spacious. Athletics is great (Minus the fact that it doesn't have a swim team and the basketball team is OK) Parties are pretty wild. But everyone is nice.", u"I enjoyed the feeling I get when I'm on campus. Everyone is kind and helpful! I haven't met a full-time professor that I haven't been able to talk to and be comfortable in their class. Everyone here truly is invested in your success and wants to see you live the best life you can on this campus. There is a large lack in diversity and with the recent problems with racial violence through posters up around campus and various social media scandals, I feel that this place is becoming less safe for minority students, which is a huge problem. The administration finds it hard to admit there are any problems and thus keep it off their hands in return for the hatred to still be present on campus. I hope they begin to sit up a little bit more on the real issues happening on campus.", u'Kansas State University is awesome. I really like the environment and the people at the university. I like all of the resources K-State offers for the students. My favorite part of K-State is the willingness to help one another. K-State is a very good school overall and highly recommend it to friends and family.', u"Though K-State is a large public university and felt overwhelming to me when I transferred from a much smaller school, I've found the professors very open to connecting with students and working to provide them the best opportunities possible. There are diverse opportunities for study and an equally diverse community of students. The school is in a rather politically conservative area, but dialogue between different perspectives is being supported on campus.", u'I like that everyone at Kansas State University is friendly. I also like K-States motto which is "Family."', u"The campus has a friendly atmosphere and great scenery. The classes are easy to get to because the campus well organized. The advisers are very knowledgeable and helpful. Most of the classes are well prepared and packed with information. The professors I've had take their jobs seriously. The only downside is that there is a lot of construction, and it has impacted school fees.", u"I have loved my experience so far!! The community is amazing! The resources are some of the best I've experienced! Everyone feels like family at KSU. I love attending all sports games and activities! Amazing college experience!", u'The campus is beautiful and everybody there (students and faculty) are all very kind. There is a very nice family-feeling on campus. There are many research opportunities for students as well as many study programs and majors to choose from.', u'Everyone is so respectful and care about there different cultures they have all around their university.', u"Kansas State is an awesome University. Highly underrated. There's a family feel on campus, everyone makes you feel welcome. Manhattan is a small town, yet can feel somewhat urbanized, which is amazing. The academics are the most underrated part of Kstate! I say we are one of the best in the Midwest at least! The students from urban areas tend to be heavy liberal, while the rural kids are more moderate to conservative. Overall it's about as liberal as any other midwest campus is! Very diverse for a college 2 hours out from a major urban center!", u'I love Kansas state. such a great atmosphere and family. People are so genuine and kind while walking through campus. Traditions are amazing, campus is beautiful, its overall the best place to be!', u'I absolutely love K-State! Everyone is nice, the professors are there for you when you need them. The school campus is beautiful. The university is in a safe environment.', u'This an overall fantastic university for any out-of-state student. Students are friendly and extremely involved in organizations and the well being of the University. The only thing I would improve is campus safety and I would love to see Kansas State University financially contribute to the City of Manhattan more than they already do.', u'Kansas State University, to me, has a feeling connected with it that drew me in. I liked that every time when I was looking into which college I wanted to attend KSU was the one college where I felt like I already fit in, that I was a present student. KSU offers many different majors to fit all sorts of interests of their students, as well as many different on-campus clubs and organizations to become a part of. To me, Kansas State University wants each student to have the best experience possible during their time at there.', u"After just one year of attending school here, I already love it! The friendly atmosphere, teachers who care about you, and the friends you make are just some of the many things I love about K-State. Everyone wants you to succeed and to make sure you're doing well. The friends I've made so far I know will be around for a lifetime!", u'I loved that every professor that I encountered, no matter the class size, was genuinely concerned about whether their students were learning or not. Every one encouraged setting up appointments with them and asking questions. I was also very please with my stay in the dorms my freshman year; there was not a moment that I felt unsafe or that they did not exceed my expectations. Finally, I love K-State because we truly are a huge family. Someone, whether you know them personally or not, is always there to reach out to or is there to share a smile.', u'everyone is very friendly and happy to help. clean environment and they all seem to really care about your education', u'Overall, K-State is incredible. There is a broad diversity of opinion and culture within the student body that culminates in a family-like community. You get the small-town vibes while still being surrounded by anything and everything you could need. Epitome of the midwest culture.', u'Kansas State University is very diverse. There are plenty of opportunities to get involved in protests, clubs/organizations, internships, work study jobs, and sports. The campus is easily navigable but the parking is a little troublesome from time to time. Many of the professors will email back quickly to questions and have office hours to help you whenever problems should arise. The one major flaw with K-State is how hard it is to get financial aid. The financial aid department will make it seem like you have all of these K-State scholarships to apply for with a packet but as it turns out, you are NOT actually applying for the scholarships but for a couple small state given grants. K-State is still amazing to go to but definitely search elsewhere for the funds.', u'I had an amazing time at K-State. The community is amazing and making new friends is an easy task. There are tons of organizations to get involved in and mark your mark on the campus. while not all teachers are what you had expected most of them are great and will help you to succeed as much as they can.', u"I love Kansas State University. The campus is beautiful and all the buildings are close to each other. People are so nice around campus and the professors are excellent. I can't imagine going to any other school.", u"Overall the university is a good school and the academic programs are outstanding. It's a smaller university but a great learning environment", u'I truly believe that this is a great and amazing school and everyone should come to the campus and get a tour of this school. There are so many friendly students and staff that will be willing to help you if you ever get lost, i visited this school and everyone i meet was so welcoming and friendly and polite. As soon as i entered the campus i knew that this school was going to be a great pick for me and there is so much opportunities here. The games are also great as well everyone is so enthusiastic about their school and they are not afraid to show it!', u'What I loved about Kansas State University is the diversity of the students. I also loved that our campus was safe and there was little crime. Professors were always willing to assist if the need arose. The overall experience of being a K-State student was amazing.', u'I enjoy the University and the programs/services that are offered to assist students academically. One thing I would change would be the quality of the buildings that certain departments reside in. There are certain programs that have top of the line buildings and others, a great deal of others, that have very low quality buildings. These low quality buildings inhibit students from achieving their true potential and inhibit professors as well. `', u'I really enjoy that KSU holds the same values as me. At KSU they make you feel like family. So coming from a large family myself and being embraced by the KSU family was very encouraging. KSU has allowed me the chance to follow my passion of studying agriculture with its amazing department of ag.', u'Kansas State is overall a great University. The people here are all so nice to each other, and it really is a "family" atmosphere. The professors are super helpful, and it is really easy to get involved with things on campus and make friends. Things are even better when the athletics are doing good!', u'As an out of state student I was very nervous going into my freshman year at Kansas State but the University is absolutely wonderful! I did not live in dorms my first year and was still integrated and was highly involved! Everyone on campus is very welcoming and helpful! I am absolutely in love with this school and I am so thankful for taking the big leap and going out of state.', u'Everytime I went to visit KSU the people were fantastic. I have never felt more comfortabel at a university than I did when I was at K-State.', u'I love Kansas State University. It has all the feel of a small town tight nit community while still being large enough to all you to meet all kinds of new people and do exciting new things. Everyone is welcoming and the staff are always willing to help out students.', u'I have had a wonderful experience so far at K-State. I am a non-traditional student and they have been so helpful and made going back to school a seamless process. They are always willing to find the answers and guide you in the right direction.', u'I have enjoyed my time here. Great professors and great people in my department. The classes were hard and time-consuming. Dorm food is awful but local food is awesome.', u'K-state has provided me with the greatest opportunity to grow as a person. The family atmosphere makes me never want to graduate.', u'Kansas State University has a very pretty campus and a wide variety of classes. However, some classes are too big and make it hard to concentrate in. There are a lot of activities students can get involved in as well as a diverse number of students. The recreation center is amazing as well as Kramer Dining Center. The dorms are spacious and friendly. I feel very safe on campus and there is always something to do outside of class around town.', u"Salina campus is a small campus, quiet. Class sizes are very small so it's quite easy to set up or get a hold of professors or instructors. Flight program is good but you have to adopt to Kansas weather, WINDY!", u"It's a great school where I've had many memorable experiences already. The facilities are fairly dated - which is my only real concern about the school.", u"My favorite thing about Kansas State is the Family atmosphere on campus. Everyone is very friendly and willing to stop and help if you are lost or need help. One thing I would like to see changed at Kansas State is that some of the professors in my major are bad but somehow have tenure while the good professors who are willing to interact and really help students don't have tenure. We fill out teaching evaluations every semester but it seems like the department doesn't take the students suggestions seriously.", u"I really enjoy the atmosphere and the culture surrounding K-State. I feel like I am truly a part of the Wildcat family! KSU only hires top of the line professors who have a genuine interest in their student's success.", u'I absolutely love Kansas State University. The family atmosphere here is out of this world. I feel as though this is where I belong and there is always something for me to be apart of. I have met some of my closest friends here that I believe I will have forever. Also, the professors are very involved in your success and cannot wait to see you become some bigger part of society. GO CATS!', u'I love the people and the atmosphere. I lived in the residence halls two years and really enjoyed it. It was a great way to make friends and connect with other students. I also work on campus, which is really convenient and the people are great. Most of my classes have been really helpful and the teachers are willing to help if you need it. Overall, I really enjoy my time here, but it is expensive. I have had some good scholarships that have helped though.', u"I love K-State! My family has a long history of being Wildcats, and I am glad I got to carry on the tradition. However, having come from out of state was still daunting. I had not known anyone when I came to college, but the k-State Family pulled through. While it may sound extremely cheesy, I really do think that this school is as close to a family as a state school can be. I never walk to class without seeing at least one person I know and everywhere I go I'm greeted with smiles and waves. The pride in K-State is also pretty amazing. On any given day more than 40% of the people on campus are wearing purple. It is truly an amazing school!", u'I grew up in the Kansas state area and i loved it. I was connected through all the sports departments and got to meat big time players. Also the campus life because I had cousins that attended college there.', u'Love the family feel here. Everyone is super friendly and I feel very welcome here. All of the professors and staff I have dealt with have been great. Go cats!', u"My first year was hard. Loved it above all else. I'm looking forward to being back home for summer. Being 700 miles away from my parents and sister was hard, but I was closer to my grandparents for holidays! Amazing marching band - Go PRIDE! I love my choice of going out of state. EMAW!", u"K-State is a fine school. Everyone's college experience is different. So far, mine has been okay. There are a lot of on-campus organizations and activities.", u'Kansas State University is a place that turns friends, coworkers, and peers into family. Here at Kansas State, we do things the "Wildcat Way". To me, this means making connections, helping others feel welcome, and simply holding a door open for someone. I am so grateful for what Kansas State has done for me, especially the advising staff. Being someone who had an idea of what they wanted to do, but was not sure how, I have received so much guidance from the advising staff. The people at Kansas State University truly and genuinely care, and it shows.', u"The dreams of a high school girl, I brought to the hallways of McCain.As a music major, I was fortunate to have educators that always made it clear that you should expect more of yourself and rise to the occcassion because in the end it's those good people that are going to conquer the world. Proudly I was a part of the The Pride Kansas State University Marching Band recipients of The Sudler Trophy. 5 years I Wabashed, high stepped, rolled stepped and cried from exhaustion my freshman from 12 hrs days at band camp in the sweltering heat. I also laughed so hard I couldn't catch my breath. Unbeknownst to me, I learned what it meant to truly work hard and have pride in what I put that work into. The value of integrity and the makings of a future Kansas State graduate that is beyond appreciative of the candidness and passion I've come to expect from all educators on behalf of those set by my own professors who trusted in the value of investing in their students wholeheartedly.", u'I recommend Kansas State University to anyone looking for an open campus with lots of stuff to do. There is never a day without a lecture, event or something interesting going on. It\u2019s always nice to take a walk around campus and see the beautiful buildings. I would recommend living in a dorm for your first semester and then deciding from there if you want to stay in the dorms or find an apartment or hours to rent out. This is also true about meal plans. I would recommend trying a meal plan for the first year or so, then decide from there if you want to continue with it. The best part about Kstate is the community and willingness for people to help you out no matter what.', u'Kansas State University is a very open and diverse campus with lots of different people and opportunities. They are welcoming to everyone and the people are all very friendly.', u"I love the atmosphere of K-State and all the opportunities it offers! I couldn't image going anywhere else!", u'I love Kansas State University. It is a great environment and full of friendly people. The teachers are helpful and make classes interesting and there are many options to help you succeed.', u"Kansas state university this is one of the universities that are extremely easy to get around on. The campus is easy to remember and everything is close for a college this size. There is always plenty to around campus so don't expect to be bored!", u'There is a high amount of diversity within Kansas State University. I would consider it a very friendly and personable school.', u"Very good school overall. Be very careful with your class selections though. If your major has multiple disciplines within it, make sure the classes you take the first 2 years can apply to all of them. Or you'll end up taking a class that doesn't crossover and it can tank your GPA if you didn't do well in it. Very beautiful campus, student housing on campus is pretty good, off campus housing can get a bit pricey though", u'KSU is a great community, but not cohesive with education today. Too many professors are either learning on the go, or sticking to the same routine, with no in-between. They need to find a happy middle.', u"I have received great help at K-State. My academic advisor is amazing and can always point me in the right direction. I've come across some major difficulties and received a lot of help from campus resources. Almost all of the teachers I've had have been incredible!", u'Kansas State has such an amazing family atmosphere that you do not want to miss out on. The faculty is amazing here and will do anything in their power to make sure you have the proper accommodations that are needed for your success here at K-State. The community of Manhattan is also an amazing place to live and has plenty of options for food and entertainment.', u'The family atmosphere is the best thing here. When you get here you are welcomed with open arms and everyone gets along. But more diversity would be better just to mix things up.', u'When people describe Kansas State University as one big family, they sure mean it. Everywhere you go there are kind faces willing to help if you need it. I have enjoyed my classes and my professors. They want to see you succeed.', u"With some family members went to K-State, I say it runs in the family. Also now with our generation, me and one of my brothers are attending K-State (my brother already attends there, I'm fall 2017). I feel that it is a school that would help into the future and more generations to come to help us build to be a stronger and more stable family of K-State.", u"I am enjoying my experience at Kansas State. I wouldn't change a thing. The community is so strong and the professors truly care about you.", u'I love the way the campus feels small and homey, even though there are 20,000+ students there. The new space in the engineering building is awesome and the faculty is very helpful.', u"KSU is a great college, especially when everyone are very nice. The professors actually give some care on students. There are a lot of resources available to students. For example, there's tutoring for almost every class and is available on weekends as well. I feel safe on campus, even at night. The library have multiple levels for students to study comfortably.", u'Great experience, had a great time here, weekends are fun, classes are cool, dorms are nice, made lots of friends, would highly recomend', u"Kansas State is a wonderful university. I highly recommend it. I transferred here after my Freshman year of college and I do not regret it! All of the teachers and staff are highly trained and always willing to do whatever it takes to help you succeed. Also, everybody here is super nice and friendly. The university is located in Manhattan, Kansas. It's the perfect college town. Everything you need is within a 10 minute drive. I personally love the atmosphere of the campus and the town, everybody bleeds K-State purple and it fills you with pride. The academics are astounding and the sporting events are so much fun! Every football game is sold out because the town genuinely loves and supports the University all that much, it makes me proud to call this place home. I couldn't imagine going anywhere else.", u'I pretty much love everything about K-State. I love the feeling that its a small campus. Everyone that goes to K-State is so friendly and always smiles.The only thing that bothers me is that there is still construction. I am ready not to have any construction workers on my campus!', u'I was on the polytech campus in salina, it is a small, safe campus; more men than women but every one looks out for each other. staff is very helpful and it is easy to find people with similar interests.', u'Kstate is a great university to be at. Everyone is so welcoming and kind. You will find the most genuine people here and it is honestly the happiest place on Earth.', u"I absolutely am in love with this school! I feel like I am apart of one huge family here. There is a space for everyone that goes here. The school spirit is huge here and almost everyone participates in events. The teachers I've had really care about the students and want their students to succeed. They also are all very passionate about what they teach. There are also many places that you can study or get help, like tutors and what not.", u'Kansas State University welcomes incoming students with open arms, encompassing a warm environment for all to learn. Despite tuition being a bit overpriced for out of state and international students, I would gladly recommend K-State for anyone wishing to go there to pursue their education.', u"Beautiful campus, great teachers. They do not care much about harassment of females and don't do much to prevent against it, however the groups on campus and the women's center are wonderful.", u'Kansas State University is the best school I have been to I am a multicultural student and its a great community in the school.', u"My experience at Kansas State University has been great so far. Coming in as a freshman there were many opportunities to get involved and learn more about our school. I made the decision to be apart of a sorority and I couldn't be happier. As an Asian-American student, one thing I would like to see improve on our campus would be the diversity.", u'Beautiful campus with plenty of room. Friendly, helpful professors but could hire more so that students can have scheduling flexibility for more classes. Many campus activities and great sports teams.', u"I absolutely love Kansas State! beautiful campus first and now I love just about everything about it. the classes can are difficult and stressful, but there are so many resources for you to go to and get help. Campus is completely safe.. the only problem is that it's a small city but the people around are very friendly", u'I have loved my time at K-State. It has a small town feel while still being a large college. We are truly a big happy purple family and that can be felt all around campus.', u"Kansas state is a developing campus that we are seeing improve every day. The new buildings are wonderful and a joy to have classes in. The downside is the large amount of construction going on. If you are a student there is always something you can get involved with and plenty going on in Aggieville on the weekends. There is nothing quite like Gameday in the Little Apple and I don't regret going to K-State for a minute.", u'I love K-State! It is a great school with a great atmosphere. If you work hard you will get rewarded for sure. Get out and experience things within the university and you will have more doors open to you.', u'Kansas State University is a family oriented college that has made me feel as if I was home from day one.', u"I liked the class room. It did seem like much, but I actually would like being there. Though I wouldn't mind an upgrade to the elevators to the dorms.", u"I really enjoyed my dorm experience. K-State gives you the opportunity to find a roommate online and get to know them so you can decide if you'll work well together or not. I did that and I love my roommate!\n\nThere are also a lot of free tutoring opportunities and I haven't heard a single complain about them.", u"Going to school here has been one of the best decisions that I have made in my short life span. I have met many great people during my time, learned more than I thought I could have ever learned in such a short time. The professors are amazing, they will go out of their way to make sure you learn the content even if the class is a 200 person lecture hall. For as big as the school and campus is, you still get this small town feel and everyone treats everyone like family around here. It's amazing.", u'I plan on attending this school in the fall of 2017. When I visited I fell in love. I can tell that every student here feels as if they are part of a big family. The campus is beautiful and Manhattan itself is such a great city.', u"I really love KSU's slogan of family, I love the traditions at the games. I love our infrastructure how it looks like castles. I love that we have really good professors who genuinely want to help, what could change is maybe the resources on campus for people of color and other minorities. I'm not one myself but I know with the recent election, my friends will need it.", u'Amazing faculty and clubs. Challenging course work that allows one to prepare for jobs in the workforce. Downside is the lack of diversity and cultural sensitivity towards minorities.', u'I love that K-State really feels like a welcoming family and has a ton of options for whatever your interests may be.', u"The college is really just a big family. Granted, there are people that you don't always like, but the atmosphere is amazing. There is a lot of fun things to do and a whole lot of options to help keep your studies in order and on track. The professors are willing to help you out with anything you need within reason and are really good at what they do.", u'K-State University is an amazing school with an incredibly positive atmosphere. Manhattan is a beautiful little town with a lot to do for people of all ages.', u'I like the people in Manhattan. They are very nice and respectful. Aggieville is a lot of fun. I wish their campus was a bit nicer.', u"This university really feels a lot smaller than it actually is. People are constantly smiling and saying hi to strangers. Walking campus and getting the physical exercise that way is 100% worth it because the campus is absolutely stunning. It's a great place to be and the people really care about you individually.", u"The campus is great and the people are so friendly. There are no strangers at KSU. They have a huge variety of classes to take and many majors to choose from so you don't have to transfer if you switch majors or minors. The atmosphere is great in the classroom and out of it. I'm so glad I choose Kansas state university as my college home.", u"From my first visit of the campus I fell in love. The small and quiet town was definitely the right atmosphere for me. There are tons of resources available free of charge, with several tutoring locations. Professors and TA's are always willing to help and will respond to your needs in a timely manner.", u'I love my classes. One professor was different at first, but once I went and talked to him in his office things got significantly better. Other than that everything is very positive!', u'The career center here is phenomenal! They do an excellent job. The career fair is also a huge help.', u'I have always felt safe and no harm', u'I am not a part of one.', u'Tailgating at football games is some of the best experiences of my life!!', u'Getting involved in clubs have allowed me new leadership opportunities and new friendships. The campus here is absolutely beautiful. I like the fact I am not afraid to ask for help or any questions because the teachers and staff here are literally like family.', u'SO many opportunities to work on campus', u"Professors truly care about what they're teaching and you can see the dedication", u'Great programs put in place, and a mandatory informational class is needed', u'Wefald is a great dorm and the rooms are so spacious', u"The philanthropy events are great, and there's always some sorority/ frat helping the community", u'K-State is very welcoming, and a great school to begin your journey at!', u"They have personal trainers or even trainers that you can work with in a group. They have several workout machines and a huge basketball/ volleyball court. They have an outdoor facility that has tennis and things like that. They are very friendly and don't mind helping others with working the machines and they keep it very clean in there.", u'They have great dedicated teachers that are helpful and friendly. They also have a class where you can learn about all the opportunities they have and were you van get a job and things like that. They are very friendly here and they do all types of events and get together and they invite eveeryone.', u'Our school does a great job at helping students network and find jobs.', u"All of my professors so far have been very understanding and seem to have a big passion for what they're doing.", u'We have a lot of safety measures put in place, like Cat Walk and various others.', u'My time is the dorms was really well spent, I met a lot of great people!', u'Greek life is pretty exclusive, but it is a big part of campus.', u'We have some of the best fans in the country! Varsity sporting events are highly attended and enjoyed.', u'My school really does feel like a family and my favorite thing is how friendly everyone is.', u'Parties are available, but you do not feel like you are forced to attend. People are generally friendly and it is a good way to meet people.', u'There are plenty of options in Aggie-ville, and the fraternities offer parties also. Many houses offer designated drivers.', u'The course offerings are many and varied. A person can get a well-respected degree here. The professors are very good and willing to work with students one-on-one as needed.', u'I see people of all races and colors on campus. We are probably not as diverse as say a Chicago or New York school, but for the midwest, there are a good mix of all peoples. Clubs, fraternities and organizations are open to everyone.', u'The professors in my program are very helpful and invested in the students.', u'My program has several networking opportunities and travel opportunities so we are well acclimated in the field when we graduate.', u'We have sereval services to keep people safe on campus including emergency blue piles that are everywhere and will light up and alert police if pushed.', u'The dorms are either great or not. I e heard and seen great things about haymaker, but I was in ford which is and all girls dorm and it is not fun and cliquey.', u"I just joined this year and although recruitment was stressful, it's been good so far!", u"Everyone loves football games and they are usually always sold out. Our football team comes out with s sign everything with a sign that says family because it's true!", u'Great family atmosphere and everyone is very friendly', u'I adore the sense of community I get from K-State. No matter how busy everyone seems, all one needs to do is ask and people will try to help you the best they can. I will admit that I do not have any experience in the party scene, so my scores are only based on rumor.', u"Great college for engineering! The campus is clean and ever expanding, there are plenty of living choices such as dorms, frats, apartments. The professors are generally very friendly, and the major specific courses are challanging and deep. Plus tuition is recently priced at the time of writing this review. The only major gripe is with the freshman starter classes. They are not kind on people new to the college experience. Though, to be completely honest, this isn't too bad, as many universities nowadays put too much focus on keeping students paying, rather than suceeding.", u'Kansas State University is great! I really love the atmosphere and the students here are always very energetic and fun to be around.', u'The classes are average on quality. I would say it depends on what you are interested in. I have so far liked all my professors, even the ones that are tougher and not as outgoing as the others. I like the different class sizes and not always being stuck in a large lecture or a small classroom.', u'My program is one of the top ranked Architecture programs in the United States. I think any degree from Kstate would be very valuable. The alumni is very involved here and theres even a program specifically for current students to interact with alumni.', u'I have been at this school for 2 weeks and I have not witnessed, or heard about anything happening to anyone, or anyone feeling unsafe. I feel very safe on campus but naturally like to find a friend to walk with on the late nights.', u'The dorm life is fun and it is nice to be near so many people who are doing the same things that you are doing. It is somewhat far from all my classes, but not everyone has that problem.', u"Greek life makes the campus a little cliquey, but I am not involved in greek life and all my friends are. I do sometimes feel left out but my friends don't treat me any different.", u'The students at K-State all love supporting the sports teams and have a lot of school spirit. The Bill Snyder Family Stadium is beautiful and the environment on game days is great.', u'I like how nice and helpful the upperclassmen were whenever I was lost on campus. I would always pick K-State and recommend it to others.', u'There are a plentiful number of jobs, internships, and career experience on campus.', u'The course material is challenging but professors are their if assistants is needed.', u'This campus is safe. There are panic buttons and apps that can help people who feel threaten.', u'I live in Jardine Apartments and it has spacious rooms and overall extremely nice.', u'I am not apart of the Greek life but I do get treated differently.', u'The football team here is a huge part of campus life.', u'There are a lot of activities to do every single day.', u'This is a great place to prepare for and find a career.', u'Experience varies greatly, but I like most of my professors and enjoy the classes I get to take.', u"There aren't any big issue that I know about.", u'It depends where and what you choose, but I feel like more could be done to improve the value.', u'Sports are a pretty big thing, but only certain sports of a certain gender.', u'because it fun to be in college and my career is engineering. like it the right college i want to go. to study more, to learn more about engineering.', u'Hated my first semester, but I met some cool friends and now I love coming back!', u'I prefer to live off campus', u'Very clicky and awful people', u'career progression is an important topic all over campus', u'I would not have had the same experience anywhere else', u'Kansas state promotes health and safety and informs their students', u"I don't personally live on campus, but my friends seem to enjoy it.", u'The Greek Life is very involved in the community and on campus', u'They encourage being physically fit on campus', u"This school has made my transition from Army Active Duty to a full time college student a smooth process, and I couldn't have been as successful anywhere else.", u"School spirit is important, and once you're a wildcat, you're ALWAYS a wildcat!", u'Very welcoming and a great place to study, great location', u'Indifferent, i dont really pay attention to them, but there is a big party life within.', u'Football Games are what everyone lives for, its not often people dont go to a game. Spirit with students, fans, and players is always high.', u'Very community based and plenty of opportunities for students', u'There are many programs and resources available to students. There are programs to help with resumes and to lead you into the next step after school. There are plenty of alumni who are very successful. There are plenty of resources to find part time jobs and internships.', u'Over all the experience is pretty great. The community is unreal and there is literally something for everyone. Each student is pretty excepting of the other student and there is rarely any tension. There is housing and dinning options for everyone. Overall very accommodating.', u'There are plenty of programs to help escort you to classes, especially evening classes, and there emergency blue lights placed everywhere on campus.', u'Pretty average housing. You get what you put into it, obviously there are nicer buildings and the newer ones reflect that.', u"I can't speak much into it, but there is a wide variety of Greek life to choose from.", u'Sports are a big part of our school and bring everyone together.', u"The majority of students are super engaging and welcoming, there is something for everyone, it's like a big family.", u'On campus there are 14 sororities and almost 30 fraternities. Greek life is a large part of the social life a student can have on campus but the campus does not let Greek life be the only opportunity on campus to have a social life. There are many, many campus clubs to be involved in too. All around though if one is involved in Greek life I think non-Greeks are accepting of Greeks and visa versa. One of the advantages of being Greek though is having the "family" experience a lot sooner than non-Greeks.', u'The athletics at K-State is really great. There are subpar facilities provided for everyone on campus. There are activities provided for the most elite all the way to recreational fun levels of athletes. For example, I am not into sports very much at all but at the recreation conter there are activities such as ping pong, badminton, dance classes and more provided for me to still stay active and have fun!', u"K-State is really fantastic because of it academics, it's students and it's learning atmospheres. I have not had one bad experience or heard of any student complain because the school does not care. The family atmosphere is tremendous considering the school is so large but seems so small. If I could do it all over I would choose the same path I have at K-State. I have met the most inspiring friends and teachers at the university and hope others who join the K-state family can too experience this feeling.", u"Huge school was not expecting this when I stepped on campus I'm loving it so far.", u"K-State is where I feel the most at home. I've met amazing people and learned more than I ever have before. I actually am excited for school to start.", u'K-State is very respected and almost every graduate can find a job in their field. You have to be realistic about the economy and what your major is though, liberal arts degrees may have a hard time while engineers are highly sought after. You can talk with your advisor and other administration to get a realistic view of job/internship prospects in your field.', u"There are campus police, especially at night and you can always get safewalk, where an officer will walk you anywhere on campus and up to two blocks off campus when it is nighttime. We also have the blue emergency light buttons that will call the police if you press it and need assistance. Partying is the only time you really have to be careful, but if you party smart you won't have any problems. Stay in groups and make sure one of you is mostly sober at all times to watch out for the rest of you, and understand each others limits beforehand so you can stop your friends from making bad decisions during a party or heat of the moment. Don't drink the jungle juice.", u'Campus housing is great to get to know other people and campus! I definitely recommend for the first year! It is very cramped though and the food gets very repetitive, so look for other options after your first year.', u"I'm not a Greek person, but I have a lot of friends who are, considered, or dropped out. The people who stay absolutely love Greek life, so if it's your style, K-State has some great houses! I know some who considered but they just didn't click with the people or it was too much of a time commitment. Keep that in mind if you do sports or have a large class load! My friend dropped even though she was accepted because of time commitment. Another friend was kicked out because the guys in the house didn't think he had bonded well with them, so give it a go, but don't worry if it's not your thing or you don't match, it's not everything here.", u"Sometimes it seems like too much of a focus, but most of the student population loves them, and I attend most football games. Its an amazing sensation being part of the huge student section and I love it! Some of my friends aren't huge sports people and they feel a bit left out because they don't follow or enjoy the games, so if you're not that into sports, just find some other friends to watch netflix with and avoid the crowd. But if you are into sports, party on! It's a blast!", u"I absolutely love Kansas State! I fell in love with the beautiful campus first and now I love just about everything about it! Yes, the classes can be difficult and stressful, but there are so many resources for you to go to and get help, and every teacher I've had has been great about pointing you in the right direction to get some help. The other students are so friendly and even though everyone has their own group, like the artsy students, sport fans, country people, everyone is still a part of the K-State family.", u'There are various teams each with talented players!', u'The faculty and staff are accommodating for non-traditional students unlike some other institutions.', u"I really don't know. I suppose it's similar to other campuses in the midwest.", u"Most of my professors have been great. There are always a couple who are difficult to understand or who don't seem to care about individual students, but the class sizes are always so large for the introductory/freshman year classes that it is hard to feel like a student could get any individual attention. I think this is normal for most large schools. However, all the teachers have open office hours if needed.", u"I haven't really applied yet for internships or tried to use the alumni network, but I have heard that degrees from this school are well-respected.", u'I have had positive interactions with campus security when my car was hit in the parking lot. Some cars were broken into off campus, but noone reported being hurt or assaulted. I have used the campus health center and got great attention there.', u"I only lived on campus freshman year. It was a good experience. The rooms were fine. There wasn't a lot of social interaction unless people were really outgoing. The dorms are convenient to classes, but the cost always seems high.", u"The pledge week activities were easy to negotiate, although it is always a little stressful. Certain sororities and fraternities are definitely only looking for certain types of people, but that's what it's all about. The Greeks do a lot of community service and have fun activities to attend. Most of the houses recommend that the member live in-house at least one year. It seems that Greeks and non-Greeks get along just fine.", u'Game days for football and basketball are always huge. The other varsity sports are not as well recognized, but there is great school spirit and pride.', u'I have met a lot of great people. My professors have been helpful when I approach them during office hours to get help. There are plenty of things to do both on and off campus.', u'There were a lot of good things about the housing on campus.', u'I myself am not involved in Greek life but have visited many of their establishments. They are always welcoming and friendly and have a very accepting attitude. They help the community a lot with their philanthropy work.', u'The athletics at KSU are great. They are an important part of campus life and help to create a diverse culture. The programs seem down to earth and are incredible to witness. When attending games, it feels like a giant family reunion and everyone is happy to be in that environment and share in the victories and even share in the losses that take place.', u'I think that Kansas State University has a very friendly environment and the school is very committed to providing their students with any help that they may be seeking.', u'Huge alumni assoc./ high level med school entry', u'I had an issue with one class, but I made it work.', u'Every college campus has risks, but I feel safe.', u'I suggest a three girl suite w/private bathroom.', u'Greek life is highly focused on community service.', u'Teams usually do well and school spirit is high.', u'Great courses, clubs, staff- enriching experience', u'There is not a lot of awareness about diversity, yes it is taken inconsideration, but sometimes it is difficult to relate to students especially coming from a diverse background', u'Parties are very easy to attend especially if you are a girl, which provides you with alcohol and sometimes other types of drugs.', u'There are many career fairs and as well connections that are constantly being made through the school of that certain student. The school can only do so much and I believe that many of it is up to the individual.', u'Each class has its difficult times and each student struggles in different subject, If a student needs help professors are usually very helpful and provide you with a lot of insight about the subject and what the student is struggling in.\n\nMany professors are very busy, but still manage to help students individually.', u'The safety on our campus ifs very we are provided with many poles ones could use that assist you in case of danger, there as well is usually a police man driving around watching over the campus.', u'Living on campus makes it very easy for many students, it allows for easier access to class and as well easier access to food. There are many people in a resident hall together which allows for a great social life, especially when it comes to being a freshman and not knowing many people.', u'There are many greek life participants in my school, and i believe they are the students that stick out a little more around campus. Members are usually busy and are always representing their sorority or fraternity in some kind of way, I enjoy most of the things they do for our community.', u'The athletics in my school are very popular and loved. Through athletics is how many of the student in my school connect and how we as a whole as well connect when it comes to games or special events, I do believe we have some of the most supportive fans and best facilities for the athletes.', u'Kansas State University has allowed me to grow in my education not only by being such a welcoming school, but also by giving me so many different resources that lets me expand as a student and a leader.', u'Each professor has their own way of teaching but for the most part all have been very effective.', u'There are many job opportunities and internships opportunities that faculty are more than happy to help students with.', u'There are many blue safety polls to call the police if there is any emergency needed.', u'I love the environment I live in and all that surrounds it.', u'I personally do not know much, but I have friends who seem to enjoy it.', u'There is plenty of school spirit and support for all school sports.', u'I have enjoyed my experience with K-State because I feel like I am truly cared for and feel important and part of the community.', u'I have yet to go into the career center, but I use their website to find jobs in Manhattan, and it is VERY helpful.', u"I've liked most of my courses and professors at KSU; everyone has K-State pride and they are willing to help any student who is having trouble with a certain subject.", u'I feel very safe on campus; every couple of yards there are little stations that allow you to call the police if needed, and it is very well lit. I would rather not walk alone on campus at night, and will usually be on the phone with someone in case something happens to me, but that is because of the way I was brought up, not the campus itself. K-State police are very nice and helpful.', u"I thought the dorms were super pricey, over +$400 a month for a small room that you share with another person; it would've just been easier to get an apartment where I could get my own bathroom and a living space and other ideas for cheaper. However KSU offered 'roomsync' which was kind of like a dating website where you put your likes and dislikes and what not in order to find a roommate best suited for you; my roommate and I got along great and we're lifelong friends now, I highly recommend roomsync for incoming freshmen.", u'No one is treated differently whether or not they are in Greek life; I am in Tau Beta Sigma, which is the band sorority on campus which basically helps the band with various activities during the school year. Most non-Greeks treat Greeks equally and without much judgment, however, if someone is being stuck up or snobby non-Greeks usually respond with "they must be Greek".', u"Everyone goes to the football games and enjoys every minute of it; I think we're going on our 30th sold out game in a row! Football is definitely the most celebrated sport at KSU (especially with coach Snyder being our coach). We're pretty okay at basketball, definitely not as popular as football however.", u'All the students are down to earth, and everyone at KSU loves life and their school. There are many activities, and joining the marching band was by far the best thing that has ever happened to me.', u'Career fairs and CES is really helpful, but they could do better getting the message out about what to expect in internships.', u'Being in the College of Business, the majority of course work is lecture and computer work. Most colleges promote taking interesting electives (like Music) to take the edge off the more serious and harder courses.', u"Besides the rare theft, there really hasn't been any crime or dangerous activities.", u'Jardine and the dorms are nice, but good lawd, they are expensive.', u'I am not in a frat, but I have a few friends that are. They have a lot of great stories and have made many friends through it. There are many of the classic frat guys in the groups but most are cool.', u"Football games are the pinnacle of K-State's sports, but there is always a crowd at the group lacrosse games.", u'The actual classes, for me, have all been in a friendly environment and mostly have been passionately taught. Sports and other activities have all been a blast.', u'I think that KSU is the best college there is because it is a family environment. i think that the science and math department could improve because most of them are foreign and hard to understand. some classes are small and some are big, and i really like that variation.', u"I think that the campus could do a better job of enforcing security on campus. i feel like if there was an issue that the police wouldn't get to where i was in time.", u"i lived in Ford hall and i thought it was great. i think the only issue i had was that the elevators weren't always working. but other than that i think the housing is great and i didn't have any issues.", u"So far i haven't encountered a greek person that made me hate the system. yea the frats have their moments of being jerks and dong bad things but the greek system as a whole is great and this is coming from a non-Greek person", u'think that our athletics are amazing and we achieve greatness in all fields.', u'I think the school is great, the science and math department could use a little work but other than that it is my home away from home and I love it.', u'From the beginning of the process Kansas State made me feel like I was an individual and not just another number. Overall I am extremely happy with my choice. I applied to other schools and I was not an individual. I felt like just a number thrown in with the others, but not at Kansas State.', u'I am not in Greek life, so I do not have much affiliation with them.', u'Other then the volleyball arena, the sports complexes are the best I have been too. They are up to date and I love seeing a game especially at the new football complex and baseball facilities.', u'Overall, I have loved the experience I have had with Kansas State University.', u'Frat parties are gross, but they still make it fun.', u"It's nice seeing people from different backgrounds.", u"It's seen a lot in the frats from what i know and it's becoming a decreasing problem.", u'Best parties take place at fraternities, which generally host parties Thursday, Friday and/or Saturday.', u"There is one 18+ bar called Dirty Dawgs that is largely known for swing dancing. It's not unusual for people to party Wednesday-Sunday. Plenty of bars in the Ville, and house parties and frat parties are awesome. Safe Ride is a bus system in place.", u'Professors are understanding and curriculum is pretty average on workload, but depends on class and major. Huge study spots are Hale, the coffee shops, and dorm lobbies. I recommend taking an afternoon when it is nice out and study in the quad- BYOB (bring your own blanket!)', u"It's a conservative campus, but Manhattan does have Little Apple Pride and a drag show. I would say things are changing due to the overall change in political climate of the US.", u"It's a college campus, so obviously there is drug and alcohol usage.", u'I am a female, and I feel extremely safe walking on campus at night. I have never felt like I have been harassed at a frat party. I feel Kansas State takes pride in its health and safety and protects its students and would be very capable of handling and incident.', u'The CES is an organization on campus dedicated to finding students jobs either on-campus or out in the work force, related to their major. They also have lots of used interview and business clothes accessible to students and are able to aid you in the interview process, including helping you with your resume. K-State has an online job service and career fairs. Alumni and faculty are more than willing to provide letters of rec\u2014 just ask.', u'My professors have all been extremely helpful and friendly. Lecture classes tend to be very large (and held in Umberger holla)', u'Getting into the dorm I wanted was very easy. There are three complexes- Kramer, Derby, and Strong. Kramer has the Kramer Dining Center and 3 dorms\u2014 Marlatt, Goodnow, and the newest dorm, Wefald, which will open Fall 2016. Derby has Derby Dining Center and 4 dorms\u2014 Ford (all-female), Moore, West, and Haymaker. Strong has the Strong Dining Center and has 3 dorms\u2014 Putnam, Van Zile, and Boyd (all female). Moore is the largest hall on campus and was my choice. It has all standard rooms with community baths. Other dorms have varying options. K-State is going to be renovating the older dorms and West Hall is currently under renovation. I definitely recommend living on-campus as a freshman, the social life is outstanding and you meet so many people.', u"I am not a Greek, but can tell Greek life is thriving. I've been to some frat parties... As a non-Greek, I like my friends that are Greek, but there are definitely negative stereotypes of the frats and srats. Greek life just wasn't for me. As a freshman, the guys live in-house. The girls generally live in the dorms their freshman year, unless they get lucky and a bed opens, and in-house sophomore year. Homecoming is basically a Greek event.", u'K-State takes football seriously. The whole town of Manhattan transforms on Saturdays during football season. Tailgating is a huge fan event and students all walk down to The Bill (Bill Snyder Family Stadium) together. Basketball is a big deal, but football is a bigger deal; more people attend conference basketball games (particularly the KU game) than the non-conference games. Students are eligible to buy several tiers of passes for games\u2014 ICAT football & basketball combo, GA football/basketball combo, or GA football only. Sophomores and up and buy ICAT passes (better seats and two shirts included). The Pride of Wildcat Land (the band) is a MUST see.', u"I would choose K-State over and over again. I bleed purple, and should I decide to go back upon my graduation for my master's degree, I will be doing it through K-State. Family is a word that is used quite often here, and not lightly. I mean it when I say K-State family and I have the utmost pride in my school. The professors I've had have been extremely helpful and knowledgable, living in the dorms freshman year was a very positive experience, the sports events are great, and the people amazing. The cons include parking, construction and it being a more conservative campus, so as a Democrat, I'm definitely a minority; however, I would choose K-State over and over again. EMAW.", u'The health and safety on campus is very well promoted and is used all the time by students.', u'The value of a degree from this school is very meaningful and will help get many jobs selections.', u'I transferred from a community college and I love the big campus experience.', u'Some of the residence halls could have a little work, but I guess thats what happens when a bunch of young adults live in them all year.', u'Greeks are very outgoing and they have great school spirit.', u'Fan support is always there. We all love to cheer on our wildcats. The community comes together and its such a good time.', u'I feel as if I am learning a lot more than I was in high school and thats what excites me most about school is all the learning ahead of me.', u'Aggieville is pretty much the place to go. Several events, bars, clubs.', u'I think the "party scene" is overrated. Not everybody goes out partying like in the movies. You can be like me and spend Friday nights binge-watching tv shows.', u"This depends on the major that you are pursuing. There are some who are not in the same difficulty level of others. If you're looking for a place to study, I would suggest 1st floor of Hale. It does tend to be less loud than the 2nd floor.", u'I think K-State is somewhat accepting of its diverse student and faculty population.', u'My experience here at K-State has been fine. Friendly atmosphere.', u'The school spirit here is great. You can definitely feel the family vibe.', u"I'm not a part of the Greek life. I do have friends who are in sororities and I know that they are involved in many activities on and off campus. It seems like everyday there is some fundraiser, bake sale, or any other activity held by the sororities and fraternities.", u"I feel pretty safe when I'm on campus. I work at the dinner shifts at the Derb and I've never felt unsafe when walking to my car at night.", u"I'm honestly not involved in the drug or alcohol scene. But I do know that the police sometimes patrol aggieville and the dorms.", u'Kansas State is okay. There are some opportunities for students majoring in ag, architecture, or engineering.', u'K-State housing is a great opportunity for freshman', u'Greek life at K-State is all encompassing.', u'K-State football; what more can I say?', u'Kansas State University is my home away from home.', u'get less foreign math teachers please', u'I live in Ford and I hate it with a passion', u'my roommates judge me for not being greek', u"I haven't really paid too much attention", u'I love the family atmosphere!', u'I think that the police do a good job in patrolling campus.', u'I think it is easy to network and get a job after receiving your degree.', u"All the professors I've talked to have been helpful.", u'I never lived in the dorms so this is based off friends.', u"I am not Greek so I don't have a huge opinion.", u'The environment around sports is always supported.', u'I am happy I chose my school.', u'Appreciate the Campus Housing and all the memories I have there!', u'Met a lot of my friends through this!', u'Absolutely love attending the football and basketball games! The crowds get so hype!', u'So far, it has been an amazing experience!', u"There aren't a lot of parties at all on campus, and the students are usually pretty chill when they party on or quite close to campus. The ones who party off campus at friends's houses are the ones who come back loud.", u"Not a whole lot of options, and mainly to the most social. However, Aggieville is the haven for night life but even that doesn't get really crazy at all except a good football game night and Fake Patty's Day", u"There's a class for almost anything at KSU but if there isn't enough draw for a class it doesn't get scheduled for a semester, however it's relatively easy to find a professor to teach it a semester or two down the road.", u"There's a great mixing of students, but it still seems to be a white majority", u"I've never felt threatened personally on campus, however you still hear stories about people who have experienced these things. There is an on campus therapist and you can get 3 free sessions. In addition there is a health center on campus, and lots of support places to visit. There is lots of security poles on campus to call the police, and even a number you can call to have a police officer walk you home.", u'The professors on campus along with the TA\'s are very kind, understanding, and flexible. I can only count on my fingers the amount of "bad" professors I\'ve had. Thats why I gave this rating 4/5 because there are still those professors on campus that put a bad taste in your mouth, however 95% of the professors I\'ve had are very knowledgeable in their areas and a pleasure to have in the classroom.', u"There are many degrees that require you to have an internship, but don't help you find one from what I've heard from my peers. However with my experience in the college of agriculture, they send out internship opportunities sometimes twice a day. There are many different areas to go into, and the advisors are very knowledgeable about these jobs and internships and can offer advice.", u'I do not live in the dorms, but I live in the on campus apartments and they are very lovely and newly renovated. It is very easy to get an apartment and you can still get a meal plan. There is a shuttle that will take you back on forth on campus but it tends to run late sometimes. However there is plenty of parking available.', u"Greek life is something that will truly enhance your time on campus. The Greek Community does so much for the Manhattan, KS area its amazing. One of the Sororities philanthropy completely financially supports the local women's crisis center. When students join Greek life here it is because they want to make a difference in the community, not to party. Greeks and non greeks support each other, and we all support each others philanthropy because we all truly care about one another as a whole. In addition all 13 sororities have a house on campus, along with most fraternities.", u"Although I am not very involved with the Athletics at my school, from what I've experienced its awesome. The recreational center is very updated, clean, and spacious. In addition there is a new stadium and it is very updated and clean.", u"Kansas State is a great school because of its friendly, safe, and blooming campus. The class sizes can be as large or as small as you please, teachers are great and flexible to work with, and no matter what issue you need to be resolved; the staff is prompt at fixing them. Finding a job is easy to do, and employers are very understanding of class scheduling. However there is a lot of construction going happing on campus so that can be a bit of an inconvenience. Overall, it's a great school and I found my place within the Greek Life community and the college of Agriculture.", u'I dont really know. We did have to take a survey to get into KSU but other than that nothing about that', u'I stayed in the Honors house a block from marlatt and goodnow but I loved the people and I was still close enough to walk or bike to class', u'The stadium comes to life when K-state wildcats fill the stands and the football team or what ever team comes into view. My favorite part is hearing the screams and shouts of people who just love to be a part of the FAMILY.', u'I love the atmosphere and the people are so kind. I would not want to be anywhere else.', u"Every student at K-State is required to complete a sexual harassment/violence and drug/alcohol informational class prior to enrollment each fall, and new students in the spring are required to complete it as well. Our school has spent countless hours developing an informative and effective program to let the entire student body know exactly what you is expected, safe, and unacceptable. In addition, what to do if you find yourself in a bad situation of any kind, and they frequently send out surveys to make sure that all of the student body's needs are met and everyone feels safe, and you can see their reactions to those responses within a week of receiving them.", u"The degree in Education from K-State is one of the best in the state of Kansas as far as prestige, yet as I have discovered in talking to many of my professors there is a sense that there's a lack of diversity in the teaching styles of teachers. The system encourages conformity to the norms in the field, but of course once the degree has been achieved as well as your teaching certificate the freedom is yours. The advice I've been given is to learn up on as many diverse ways of teaching a subject by taking a variety of classes and reading heavily and just getting through the program, then incorporate all those styles into my own, instead of relying totally on the program's design. But our teachers are greatly desired all over the country and beyond, and our college is an extremely tight knit community which I love! Being so close and thus well connected is what I believe gives us such an upper hand in the job market.", u"The majority of professors I have had so far are leading researchers in their fields and the nicest and most caring people I have ever met. Most notably has been Dr. Micheal Wesch in Anthropology, he just cares so much about changing the way students learn and I came out of his class with a totally changed perspective of the world around me and my approach to the classroom that I hope to teach one day. I have also had a very diverse variety of classes as far as size and topic, but what has been universal is my professors' or teachers' amount of attention and care, they are all extremely passionate about the courses they teach.", u'The dorms I live in at string community are a little outdated. Specifically Boyd needs a renovation. Putnam is the standard of excellence in Strong, and then Van Zile is pretty good too, but Boyd has consistent issues in the bathrooms of the third and fourth floors.', u'I mean just like in most schools a minority of Greek members are pretty snobby and annoying and sadly they overshadow the very active, effective, and friendly people who do great things for our community and campus.', u'I was a part of the club soccer team, and I completely agree that we got completely overshadowed by the Varsity teams and we are severely under funded because the students pay for whatever club team they want to participate in or there is no team, but we still had a lot of fun. And the athletics here at KSU are a huge part of the lifestyle of students.', u"I got involved in a CAT community my first semester here at K-State and it's helped me come out of my shell and make so many friends that I never would have had the gumption to go and make had I not been in the class. It's one of the greatest programs that K-State offers for freshman, I think.", u'I feel that KSU has a wide variety of safety services to provide all students with a secure and safe environment.', u'Being in the engineering department we have had countless opportunities for our careers and internships.', u"As any school I have good professors sand bad. It's really dependent on the class and semester. Overall though, most professors have been very caring and helpful.", u"Living in the dorms has been a good experience, however I don't think I'd do it again.", u"I really enjoy the sorority I'm apart of! I always feel very included and have really enjoyed having some many new and wonderful friends!", u'Everyone has always been very friendly and helpful. Despite the size of the school it feels very small because of the community.', u'Everybody stays as healthy as possible', u'KState has great career connections and assistance', u'I could put more effort into it', u'They have been very accommodating.', u"We have a great health clininc & everyone is always telling me about resources. In fact I think it's part of the curriculum that all freshmen take a course on healthy and safe practices", u"Advisors are very helpful and want you to succeed, including finnancial advisors. Classes are always interesting and I haven't found a teacher that refuses to help yet, all are very happy to be teaching here. I love that there are so many options", u"Not really sure of this yet because I'm only a freshmen", u'Some of the rooms just feel too small for two people and not a good value', u"Honestly I see a lot of complaints from independent students about greeks but that's mostly because these students avoid greek life students and don't really get to know them. But then again there's an equal amount of students who aren't in greek life but still have friends in it.", u"Like I've said before the fans are awesome. It's great to see the stadium filled with purple and white, and if you don't get there early you won't get a seat. I love our traditions like our chants and the wabash and taking out our keys to distract the other team.", u"K-state is truly a family and just walking through the beautiful campus you feel at home. My first day I was looking at a map and I had more than one student come up and offer to help me find my classes. More than not I've made friends in my classes and the games are a lot of fun! Our student body is full of energy and very proud of our team. We are loyal to our colors.", u'Everyone loves the athletics at this school. There are even pep bands for volleyball.', u'This school is amazing! The people are friendly, the instructors in my field of study care and it is challenging but not impossible. This school is a family.', u"Sexual assault is pretty rampant. Administration turns a blind eye. Rapist pay 10,000 a semester too, so it wouldn't be economically positive for the university to take any action.", u'I was very lucky and got some great courses. I am dreading taking the pre-requisite courses. I have heard really bad things about them. My professors are great and my classmates are not. If you know which professors are good you may be able to find some good classes for about 2 years.', u'The value of the degree is pretty average. How much education you receive is a different story.', u'It feels as if it is a pretty normal dorm experience. Due to our 95% acceptance rate, they run out of space extremely quickly.', u'On the "leadership and service" page of K-State\'s website, there is a phrase near the bottom that reads "K-State Greeks represent about 20 percent of K-State undergrads, but they hold about 65 percent of the leadership positions on campus". This advertisement of disproportional representation is a perfect example of the place that the greek community holds at the university.', u'The importance of athletics at K-State is best illustrated by the front cover of the orientation handbook. The handbook\'s cover shows our mascot in the student section at a football game while drunk shirtless students cheer and shout. This is another key part in selling the phrase "back in college".', u'Kansas State\'s main function is not education. Its main function is providing the student body the opportunity to say "back in college" when they are 45. The university\'s retention rate is dismal and the students don\'t have a critical thought in their head. Public intoxication is encouraged and a rape culture is ignored. That being said, it isn\'t all bad. The staff is friendly and willing to go out of their way to help you. If you want to go to a university and this is your only option K.S.U. is the school for you. otherwise, if you have the opportunity to go to another school that is probably best.', u'I love my school. We really do feel like a family. We show our support at sporting events, and help each other out when needed. If I could choose all over again, I would definitely make the same decision.', u"I haven't heard about anything bad going on in the last month or two and I haven't experienced something personally with rape etc.", u'I think the career services on campus is a useful tool especially help with resumes!', u"I've had one problem with a class, but overall I've had a great experience in my first two semesters here at k-state. I wouldn't change a thing!", u'I enjoy living on campus in the dorms, it helps with meeting people.', u"I'm not a big fan of Greek Life.", u'I love going to the football games. They have a really good stadium for games.', u'This school is amazing and has a ton of opportunities for students to get involved.', u'Overall I feel safe on campus. It can be scary walking somewhere at night by yourself.', u"There is a variety of courses offered and all the professors I've had so far have been good.", u"I'm not familiar with student career prospects because I am a freshman.", u"Living in the dorms is nice because it is easy to walk anywhere on campus. Having a meal plan is also a perk. The only thing I don't like is it is so strict.", u'Most of our students are involved with Greek life. I feel you get looked down upon for not being in a house. Every sorority but one has a house for the girls to live in.', u"I'd say 95% of students are involved with sporting events. Our fans are the best in the nation.", u"The people at Kansas State are genuinely good people. Athletic events are always the highlight of the weekend. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else.", u'At K-State there are 13 sororities and around 23 fraternities so there is something for everyone! The most difficult part of joining us having at least a 3.0 GPA to be considered in most sororities. All the different chapters support each other and their philanthropies and raise a lot of money for their causes throughout the year.', u'Any day at Bill Snyder Family Stadium is a day filled with so much purple pride and love for the KSU family. The pre-game videos get everyone pumped up and the band makes sure to keep that energy throughout the game. If you are visiting come to the game and pay attention to the student section, especially during the pre-game.', u"K-State is my home away from home. The atmosphere is always friendly and it's great to know that someone will help you if you need it. Game days are unlike anything else and bring everyone together.", u"Parking is a big concern for me. When students have to walk to their car, or to their dorm late at night (coming home from work, study group, etc), is my big issue. The parking lot is long ways from the dorms, and last year when I had an R pass, it was awful. I would call my mom every time I walking back, and I had my pepper spray with. This year it has been better since I have a D lot pass, but now it's not very good because the parking lot in front of West is closed, so I sometimes have to walk from R lot.", u"I have a very good chance of finding a teaching job right of college, but it may not be exactly what I want, just due to job availability. Career center is fantastic. My RA last year brought one of the employees in to do a resume critique, which helped many of us. I haven't really used CES that much, but I feel very welcome to, and I also feel as though they would be very helpful.", u"The quality of courses are usually great, but I have had some that aren't the greatest. All of my professors seem to really care, and I have had a few really awesome ones. The variety of courses is pretty good, but some on offered kind of strangely, such as in the spring of every other year. Class sizes are usually fair, but you do have an occasional giant General Ed. class. Some of the classrooms I feel need updated, though.", u"The dorms I would highly recommend for your first year on campus. It's a great way to meet people and go to different events. It seems like where I lived last year, our RA made more of an attempt to do different social activities, and also take people (mostly freshmen) to different things. This year, I feel as though our RA doesn't do as much, and we all keep pretty to ourselves. It also depends on what dorm you're living in on how social it's going to be. I, personally, am tired of dorm food. I feel as though there aren't many healthy options, especially in Van Zile dining center, and their hours aren't the greatest. Derby is better, but they have longer lines. Parking is a pain.", u"Greek life is pretty big on campus. A good chunk of the student population is Greek. For me though, it is not my cup of tea. I have friends that are Greek, and they like it though. If you want to be a Greek, you've got a very good chance of becoming one. Most all of the houses you can live in. I, personally, view Greek life as paying for your friends, but again, that's just my opinion. I also didn't like the time commitment and obligations to follow certain rules or do certain things, such as study hours, certain activities, etc.", u'The school spirit at our school is phenomenal. Purple and white everywhere. Fans always go out to support our K-State Wildcats. It is also relatively easy and inexpensive for students to purchase a pass, which lends to the great atmosphere at the games. Students are literally court side a basketball games, and on the 50 yard line at football games; students have the best seats. Again, we can run with some of the best teams, I mean we beat the number one team in basketball this season, but we also struggle sometimes, like our football team this season. The athletic facilities are gorgeous, and they are even building/improving more.', u"My school is seriously the bomb. My freshman year was a little rough, but my sophomore year has been fantastic. The friends I have made are friends for a lifetime, and the people in general are just so friendly. My favorite thing about K-State, I would have to say is the Octagon of Doom. Our men's basketball team can run with the best of them, even though they have had trouble finishing. The atmosphere and the people are what K-State a great place to be.", u"It's a D1 school, of course they're outstanding.", u'My overall experience at school is amazing. The people, housing & dining services, programs, etc. are all great!', u"Although many times it seems as if classes are useless somehow I always find a way to apply the courses I've taken and in general the professors are easy to understand and helpful.", u'Professors as well as others on campus are very helpful in trying to get students in front of employers so that they will have every opportunity to get a job in the future.', u"There's always going to be ways to improve but it is definitely one of the best in the country.", u"I've been in the dorms a while and although it can be great it gets expensive very quickly.", u"It doesn't make a huge difference in my life but I've heard it's done good things for kstate overall.", u'When I applied for kstate it was easy as well as personable which made me already feel like a part of the kstate family.', u"Kstate athletics is a year round occurrence mostly centered around football but the experience you get at any sporting event is always one to remember. You won't find an atmosphere like it anywhere in the country because the electricity is palpable.", u'There are lots of emergency phones around campus, and there is a Safe Walk service available to students. Counseling Services does a great job of creating a safe space to talk as well.', u'I love that my professors and especially my advisors really make an effort to get to know me. It enhances the whole educational experience.', u'I feel like the career fairs and career and employment centers do a wonderful job of providing student employment during school and post-graduation.', u"I chose to live in the dorms for my second year, and I'm very happy about the decision. I love the easiness of eating on campus, and it's just a 10 minute walk to anywhere on campus!", u'Greek life influences what events are held on campus, who knows who, and the fashion trends. Greek life is very prevalent here at KSU.', u"I have been to a few football games, and had a great time! The facilities are wonderful and the band adds so much to the festive atmosphere. There's nothing like doing the Wabash with your K-State family!", u'I love the family atmosphere here at KSU! There are so many opportunities to get involved and get to know your fellow classmates. I work at a tutoring center and love the chance that it gives me to help other students.', u'It was fun at first, but after I lived in the dorms my first year, things got old and stale.', u"If you're not in greek life, you cant get into parties but there are other parites to attend to.", u'When the football team is doing well, the whole town knows and can feel it.', u"Its a big school with a small town mentality. It doesn't work for me personally but others would love it", u'The campus has little to no crime. There are police buttons to press if you feel threatened while walking to your car after class.', u'My professors and advisors are very helpful and I can always count on meeting with them if I need assistance.', u'I am constantly receiving emails about new internship opportunities.', u'I do not live in the resident halls but have visited them. They seem safe and well built.', u'I enjoy Kansas State University very much. It is a friendly, learning environment.', u'Game days here at K-State are intense. They are incredibly high-energy, and honestly just plain exciting. Participation is great, school spirit is high, and team performance is going well so far.', u"K-State is my home. From the very first day I stepped on campus, I felt like I belonged here. Dorm life keeps me social, classes keep me challenged, and work keeps me focused. I love being here. There is honestly nowhere else I would rather be. The only negative aspect is the cost, but in today's society an education is expensive which is unfortunate. However, even though that is rather undesirable, I would much rather pay for Kansas State University than anywhere else. I believe my money is being well-spent on a very strong investment in my future, and I couldn't be happier.", u"The school does it's very best to provide a safe environment for the students and faculty. They have a security measure called the blue light, under a few light poles spread out around campus if you are walking on campus at night and you feel unsafe you can push the button and a security person will come find you and personally walk you to your destination. I feel very safe on campus.", u'The professors are always willing to help you find an internship in your field. The alumni network is great, so many alumni come back and visit for sporting events and other special events K-State puts on.', u'There are a lot of courses offered no matter what your major is. The class size is reasonable, lectures are usually a pretty larger amount of students but the teacher has office hours and you can email them if you have questions. Each class has a different style but still strives to help the students succeed.', u'It is nice to have a place to meet other people that live in the same building as you. The cost is reasonable for a college student. The housing process is nice because they have a step by step process.', u"When ever there is a football, women/men's basketball, volleyball, etc. a large crowd of students and alumni show up to show their support. There is a lot of school spirit every day whether it is a game day or not. They offer a lot of different clubs and organizations. If there isn't one that interests you but you have an idea for one you can make your own club with just a sponsor and group of friends.", u"The campus and faculty are really friendly and willing to help you succeed in any career you choose. The campus is also reasonably sized. Walking or biking to class is easy to do because the buildings aren't far apart. They also have a shuttle bus running if it's cold outside and you don't want to walk or bike in the cold and also just in case you need a ride somewhere on campus.", u"K-State has it's own patrol system and emergency stations all over campus. With the punch of a button on the front of a station, officers can find their way to your location and provide assistance. As well as the law enforcement, there is a Safe Ride system in place that is free to all students and easily accessible.", u'The professors at K-State have a real passion when it comes to teaching. All of them are very well equipped and eager to help you learn inside and outside of the classroom.', u'One of the best opportunities to get help with your career plan and internships is the Career Fair. At this regular event, employers come in and provide everyone with a chance at starting a career or interning. It is a great way to work on your resume and gain experience in the working world.', u'Although learning how to share space can be difficult, the bond you create with others in your dorm is unbreakable. Classes are right down the sidewalk and the dining centers have great food options not to mention job opportunities.', u'I joined a sorority my freshman year and I love it. There are countless opportunities to get involved and add to your resume. With required volunteer hours and a great Greek Office of Affairs, the college and Greek life work together really well.', u'We have one of the highest ranking athletic programs in the country. Attending Division 1 games is an experience like never before. The massive crowds dressed in purple and the thunder of the WABASH is really something to see. Besides the sports, the intramurals and recreational center are state of the art. It is really easy to take pride in my school when I see how much they do to give us the best of the best.', u'Kansas State University is an extremely family based college. The campus is beautiful and the students are the friendliest people you could ever meet. I come from a very small town and the thought of university really intimidated me. The moment I stepped on campus I knew I was home. I thought it would be hard to adjust to being on my own in college but from day one I had people I had barely met cheering me on. I would not change a thing about K-State, well maybe the overcrowded parking, but that is all.', u"Not bad, sometimes it's fun.", u'Everyone usually goes out, and is loud when they get back to the dorms.', u'You can study wherever you feel comfortable.', u"There's diversity, but everyone just stick to their own race.", u'Everyone does drugs or drinks.', u"There was only one crime that happened on campus since i've been here.", u"The professors don't really care about you, they are just there to teach you and you have to go to tutoring if you want help. Class sizes aren't bad.", u"I haven't heard of any internships happening here, nor seen recruiters on campus.", u"I wouldn't say they are the best dorms, but it is clean at times.", u'People mostly join them for the parties, never for the actual philantrophy part.', u'No one really talks about the little sports here, only the actual college sports.', u"The teaching is great, but when they say everyone is family, is not true. People are still rude to you and aren't friendly.", u'I mean people let things go really easily when it comes to partying', u"Overall it's okay. I had high expectations but they have been let down", u'I think for my major I will be able to go out and get a job easily', u'I think being on campus during your freshman year is super great because you get to meet people and have options. Also closer to campus', u"I think it's overhyped. Not like the greatest so I don't understand why everyone wants to join them", u"We are pretty great, although I don't really go and watch them", u"If you don't join a frat/sorority, you're basically screwed. People meet people through there. Also join groups. That helps", u'Dorms are nice, great environment!', u'Greek life is great on campus! Very recommended.', u'The Athletics the this school are some of the best! great facilities.', u'OVerall a great school to attend.', u"Nothing crime wise really goes on on campus that I've heard of! There is a alert system that sends of emails or texts to advise students of anything that goes on that could harm our safety. Saying this, I always feel really safe.", u"The dorms really try to get you involved. Cafeteria is in the basement so easy access. Hall building includes a basement with TV, pool table, ping pong table, tables, small kitchen, weight room, study room, music room and laundry room. Sometimes the students cause a mess in bathrooms and janitors don't clean until a certain time each day, so can get unclean.", u'There are tons of sororities and fraternities! Some nongreeks think the Greek life is good and fun and others think all the members are snobby. All our Greeks do philanthropy and really seem to help others, the school, and the community greatly.', u'The school is all about it! The whole atmosphere of "family" shows off through student support and team actions. Our student section is always full and the students are always paying attention to the games and showing their spirit!\n\nWe are always improving the facilities and finding ways to get people involved in what teams are up to.', u"The atmosphere and campus are amazing. I knew I wanted to come here since I was in jr high. I am so glad I stuck with my gut and attended KSU. I absolutely love it and wouldn't change anything!", u"I generally feel pretty safe, but I really don't like walking to nighttime exams. The campus generally isn't light enough, and I think if night exams are a regular thing the campus should be lit in a way that helps students feel comfortable walking alone at night.", u"I realize I have a seemingly less desired degree, but there are many internship opportunities. Even if I don't get my ideal internship I can certainly get some kind of internship. I think my job possibilities are good in the future, but ultimately I will be furthering my education beyond my BS in order to make my education more specific to what I want to do.", u'I have completed one semester with 8 class sections, and I liked all of my professors but one. He was hard to get a hold of and seemed too defensive and combative to have a real discussion with.', u"I don't live on campus but after hanging out with friends that do it seems like a good situation.", u'Tons of Greek houses and organizations. People are very involved in these and as far as I know most are viewed in a good light.', u'Tons of school spirit, students are very involved. Nice rec complex for students.', u'Friendly helpful staff, I mostly enjoy my classes, and I enjoy my living situation.', u'People love graduates from ksu.', u'We are a huge family of sports', u"We have had a lot more security measures taken on campus lately which is good. I generally feel safe on campus; it's more the Manhattan area that is a little more worrisome.", u'Faculty and staff are great at helping students get connected to job and internship opportunities as well as networking in general. The programs we have are excellent preparation for a career or for further education, and advisors and professors will help students tailor their programs for both.', u'K-State is absolutely wonderful. It really feels like the faculty and staff truly care about your success and your future. There are tons of opportunities to get involved and gain experience. And the people are some of the most amazing people I have ever met.', u'I enjoyed my time in the residence halls; my room and hall was one of the nicer ones. It was clean and had some great resources, activities and opportunities for residents.', u'Greek life at K-State has a large role on campus philanthropic events. They try to involve the campus and the community as much as possible. While Greek life is only about 10% of the student population, when you are in Greek Life, it feels like nearly everyone is Greek as well.', u"I'm not super involved in athletics at school, but there is a very large portion of the student population that is invested in K-State athletics. Our facilities are top notch and the Football season is a huge part of the K-State family atmosphere.", u'I absolutely love K-State. It is an incredibly friendly and warm environment in which everyone is interested or invested in your success. My professors have been generally very good, and I love my job on campus. We have great campus resources and our facilities are fantastic. School pride and the family atmosphere is what really draws people to Kansas State.', u'The Bill Snyder Family stadium is a great football facility. The atmosphere is exceptional and everyone shows a lot of school spirit. It is the same way in Bramlage Coliseum. Fan support is great at all the home games and even some of the away games.', u"On the Kansas State Polytechnic Campus, it is easy to get around to places and to class. The campus is fairly small so everything is close together. It's also easier to concentrate and focus on school in a smaller setting because all the outside distractions are very minimal. I have been in Salina for one semester now, and I thoroughly enjoy being out there, even if it may get a little quiet sometimes.", u'I feel safe on campus!', u"I'm a transfer student and so far my first semester here as been better then expected. It was easy to transition and love my major!", u'The heath and safety is very great. The Lafene Heath Center at Kansas State is extremely helpful.', u'The value of the degree that I am striving for is very important and extremely valuable.', u'The courses that i have taken this past semester have been great. The professors are extremely nice and easy to get a hold of. Th class size of all the classes I had taken were all appropriate. There were a multitude of courses offered which was very helpful.', u'I find it very helpful because it is so close to most of my classes.', u'I have no comment towards this section as seeing that I am not in Greek life.', u'This is one of the strongest parts about Kansas State. The athletic side of Kansas State is outstanding!', u'so far my time spent at Kansas State has been, in most part, very enjoyable and comfortable. I love how involved you can get within your major or even other activities such as recreational activities. I find these recreational activities very helpful because it is a time where I can take a break from school and relax. The atmosphere at Kansas State is very welcoming and and it gives me a feeling like everyone is one big family.', u'Speaking from the perspective of a person who has worked around the athletics program, I understand the love and admiration that people have towards everyone involved. I am a student manager for the football team and the love given to them is definitely reciprocated back towards the student body. They are the driving force that keeps them going during every game.', u"Kansas State University is a great school to be at. It's a very friendly school to the incoming freshmen or transfer students, they definitely make it easy so they become comfortable and friendly with the environment. It is very easy to become involved in a club or group that fits your personal liking. Kansas State is honestly a place full of loving people ranging from the President to the students and everyone in between.", u'The campus is fairly safe.', u'The classes are interesting and the professors are great!', u'I have not used any of the resources mentioned above.', u'It is very easy to get to classes from the dorms. The resident community is awesome!', u"I'm not interested in this though it is fairly popular among students.", u'The school spirit is amazing!!', u'The campus is beautiful. The professors are really helpful and knowledgeable.', u'They have a lot of safety things on campus and makes it super safe on campus.', u'I had some pretty great teachers so far. Some of them were not so great.', u"I don't really know all that much about this topic.", u'I love being surrounded by people but I hate my roommate', u"I've heard good things about it.", u'we have huge fan support for all our events', u'I love it here and everyone is very nice.', u'The academics offered at my school are great in every way.', u'I love it at Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas.', u'The career fair is very good here. Lots of opportunities.', u"The absolute worst part is the parking. It's a crap shoot.", u'The football team is decent, but the basketball team is garbage.', u'I loved living in the dorms this semester because I was able to meet so many people just from living in the building!', u'I am a part of Kappa Delta and I absolutely love it. They welcomed me with open arms and it is so amazing to have people I can go to for anything and everything. It is truly an amazing thing to go Greek because it is not just about the party scene, but we are highly involved in the community and grades are very important to us.', u'Everyone supports athletics no matter what it is. We all love going to games and supporting our fellow classmates and seeing them do good in something that they love doing.', u'I have loved every second at Kansas State. It is a warm environment that feels like a second home and being from out of state I have been welcomed with open arms.', u'Before we could even enroll we had to take a coarse on sexual assault, K-state does a great job in making sure we as students are aware of what is going on.', u'Overall I love K-state, individually there have been a few problems but nothing major.', u'Here at K-state they put a lot of effort into getting your work when you get out of college.', u"I'm not giving it an great because after so many years of people living in the dorms it can only be so nice, but they are brilliant.", u"I'm actually in a sorority, and its a huge part of K-state, you don't have to join to enjoy the Greek life.", u'K-state has great athletics and everyone is so proud to wear purple.', u'K-state is a family that is honestly the best way to explain it.', u"The workload wasn't too bad, the professors wanted their students to actually get something out of the course", u'There is lots of job openings for my career choice and doing a dual major', u"I really like the instructors who were willing to work with the students except maybe one, but it really wasn't all me having issues with the same instructor", u'They take personal safety and feeling safe serious on this campus and want everyone to feel like family.', u'The buildings are up to date and are very convenient for someone attending classes and going to school', u'The instructors are amazing and really wanting you to learn and the school itself is there like family, they are all so welcoming and friendly.', u'I really like how this college makes you feel like FAMILY', u"It's ok for a dorm room but I will live off campus next year", u'I do not have any experience in this area and do not want to.', u'KSU has a great football team and I love to go to the home games.', u'I love being a part of the KSU family!!! Manhattan is a cool town.', u'The health and safety of K-State is ranked very high. There are plenty emergency services around campus and there is also a health center on campus available to all students.', u"I haven't had much experience with this part of KSU, but I have heard many good things about it.", u'The professors at this school are very helpful. There are a variety of courses offered and they are all taught by enthusiastic professors. The class sizes can be anywhere from 25 to 400 students. The big lectures are usually never full though. The classes at KSU are very beneficial.', u'Campus housing is okay at KSU. Living community style definitely takes away a lot of privacy, but it is a great way to meet new people. I definitely recommend campus housing atleast freshman year. It encourages envolvement and makes it easier to sit down and study.', u"Greek life at KSU is a pretty big deal. Like most Greek organizations anywhere, it's pretty expensive. I don't feel like you get your money's worth. It is beneficial when creating resumes and applying for scholarships and jobs because there is a lot of philanthropy involved with Greek life. Overall it is a good aspect of KState", u"KSU has some of the best athletes in the country. The fans are always going crazy at all of the games. Even if it's blizzarding outside, you can expect to see a packed student section cheering on the football team. The athletic facilities are also amazing. They are very up to date and provide a great atmosphere.", u"Kansas State University is a home away from home. There are so many friendly people everywhere you go. Family is a huge word at K-State. There is always someone willing to help or even just to say hello and brighten your day. It only took one visit for me to realize that KSU was the school for me. If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't think twice about picking Kansas State University. Go Cats!", u"Resident life is pretty good. I hear a lot of great things about the other dorms, but I'm in Ford and I don't really enjoy it all that much because no one really talks to each other or hangs out or socializes like other dorms do.", u"I joined alpha chi omega and I enjoy it quite a bit. We are really involved with a lot of campus activities that go on, as is everyone else. We're a very diverse and welcoming sorority.", u"This is t to say that it's bad, I've heard a lot of great things about the sporting facilities. I just haven't seen much of it for myself. I have only been to a couple football games and basketball games and have been to the rec once, but I e been impressed each time!", u"I love Kansas State and its atmosphere. The campus is set up perfectly. They have tons of different programs set up and clubs for you to get into. It's a very user-friendly university and it's definitely home to me. It's not at all as terrifying as what I was making it out to be before moving up there. I absolutely LOVE it.", u'K-State is a university that is heavily settled around its football program. With this comes many positive effects.\n\nThe football team\'s motto is "Family" and it is easy to see that represented around campus. Even though Kansas State is a large university, it\'s hard for me to even walk to class without saying \'hi\' to at least one person. The campus is very tight-knit and the faculty and students genuinely care about each other. This was reflected previously this semester when it was reported that there was an armed individual on campus. I hadn\'t even woken up yet and I had received dozens of text messages and emails telling me not to leave my house. These were from both faculty and students.', u'I feel extremely safe while on campus. The students here are family and willing to help anyone out. There is a fast response time for emergency services and many alert beacons.', u'There are a lot of recruiters however getting an internship is tough.', u'Courses are challenging and there are a variety of different types of teachers. However there are easy and hard teachers of well known courses and that annoys me.', u'I love Greek life and would encourage anyone to participate! Very impressed at how much the Greek community does for our community.', u'Football is heavily supported but other sports are sort of neglected by students.', u'I love this school and would choose it again if I went back in time.', u'I have never felt unsafe', u'Teachers are always willing to help', u'I love living in the dorms', u'One of the best decisions I have made', u'Sporting events are always so much fun for students', u'They have great opportunities for students', u"The dorms really aren't terrible.", u'Greek life has a very positive affect here.', u'The Big 12 athletic atmosphere is crazy here.', u'Lots of security in place', u'Have not taken courses yet', u'The degree seems to be worthwhile and valued', u'Great athletic programs and facilities', u'I always feel safe on campus and KSU always goes out of their way to provide adequate security', u'KSU is a very prestigious school and a degree from here would be an honor', u'Classes are very interesting and the professors are willing and able to help when they are needed.', u'Housing is convenient and is a great place to live', u'I am not involved in Greek life', u'My school is very big on sports and everyone comes together for sporting events', u'I love my school, everyone is very friendly and helpful', u'Student safety is a top priority in every aspect.', u'Transformed my biggest fear into a blessing.', u'There is so much support for students in this area!', u'Minimize stress on students-cost major stress factor', u'Participating students love it. That is great!', u'Throughout every game students stand and cheer!', u"My overall experience has been a wonderful one. Campus in general is very friendly and approachable. Feeling like the advisers, professors, AND peers care about you is not up for debate. I have never felt like someone wasn't taking me seriously or wished me anything other than the best. My favorite experiences was being introduced to people who like me want to gain a higher education and make something great out of themselves. I absolutely love my college.", u'K-State football is where its at. Game days are a huge deal and Bill Snyder (the football coach) is worshiped. The stadium is even named after him. Basketball is great to watch too but not as big of a deal as football.', u'Kansas State University is such a great atmosphere and Manhattan is a classic college town. Everyone cares about you and your education.', u'LaFene scares me a little', u'I feel like people will take my degree seriously', u"It's my family and my home", u"I just don't really care", u'I am absolutely in love', u'Great friendly atmosphere. The professors want you to succeed and are very helpful and willing to help you learn and grow.', u'Kansas State University is a cool school. It has a great college of Engineering which is ranked in the nation, and a top ten school of architecture.', u'My school has the best pre-veterinary program in the state of Kansas.', u"College is great. I have made good friends, am learning responsibility and time management. I'm also learning a lot in my classes.", u'So far Kansas State University was the right choice for myself and my major. Its a great experience.', u"Kansas State University's campus is a family!", u'Kansas State is a good school. Students and faculty are very nice.', u'When you are a Wildcat, you are part of the Wildcat Family!', u'A common phrase K-State students say is "BOOM. CATS. MEOW." To be honest, the first time I heard someone say that phrase I wasn\'t a fan. I thought it was kind of strange and didn\'t really understand what it meant. The other day it hit me and I was like "BOOM! CATS! MEOW!" I believe this quote describes my school perfectly. Why? The word boom means how beautiful and great the campus is, cats stands for how many amazing people I have met and become friends with, and meow reminds me of how welcome and loved I felt the first time I stepped foot on campus. I love my school and couldn\'t image going anywhere else.', u'I love Kansas State University I just wish it was less expensive and provided more opportunities for scholarships and grants.', u'My favorite experiences are watching football games and tailgating. I like how there are a lot of free things and resources. The library is awesome. I would choose this school again.', u"I love everything about Kansas State. My classes, and professors, the classmates I have, and my campus job. I love how friendly everyone is and I'm so glad to know soooo many people by just being friendly and knowing they'll do the same! People are always willing and happy to help! So many people are always smiling, and people are always welcoming! We're proud, we're K-State Proud, we are a family, and we call ourselves a family. There is great community in the resident halls, and great community in the Greek system, and overall Manhattan. K-state is known as one of the best, and frequently the best college campus, environment, ect. Manhattan is also known as one of the best, if not the best, college towns! It's such an amazing, sweet, beautiful, friendly place; I cannot imagine myself anywhere else and wouldn't trade it for a million bucks.", u'The campus is large, and it takes some time to get to class. Theres not a lot of parking for students who live off campus. The ton of manhattan makes the school unique, with aggieville, and fake patties day. I would choose K-State again. Its a nice atmosphere, with all 4 seasons which i like, and really kind people', u'Kansas State University provides a close-knit community in a cozy town. There are many activities all around campus, including barbecues, competitive dorm games, homecoming parades, sports events, and more. The students at K-State are courteous and friendly; I have yet to witness ugliness between two students. The campus is clean and easy to navigate, and classrooms are all located within walking distance of the residence halls.', u'What makes the Kansas State experience great is that my degree program is engaging and I have learned a great deal. The professors make the classes much more than lectures, and I have greatly enjoyed even the classes that are not necessarily a part of my major.', u'I love my college because it is a big town with a small town feel.', u'Kansas State University is full of opportunity and growth; the students and teachers are amazing.', u'I love my school. Everyone is very accepting for the most part and it feels like a family.', u'Its pretty good thus far!', u'it bad because the college i am studying under keep raising price nonsensically.', u'I love Kansas State University!', u'I am still new but i love it so far!', u'I love coming to school here', u"The people are so kind and friendly it's literally like a family here in Manhattan, KS.", u"I love Kansas State University and wouldn't have it any other way. I am currently a junior and have had countless experiences that were both fun and enriching through my past few years. There is a warm sense of community and friendliness from people anywhere you go on K-State's campus, even extending out to the Manhattan, KS community. Not to mention, the university's professors are truly interested in the betterment of the students and the quality of their education. Overall, K-State is a well-rounded school that succeeds in all areas of study and interests - such as agriculture, engineering, cancer research, veterinary medicine, and sports like college football.", u'K-State gives you the "family" atmosphere every day.', u"I absolutely love my school. K-state, like many people say has a huge family environment. Growing up in a small town, I completely understand and relate to that, and it's so nice that I can still experience that in a larger college town. The campus is beautiful and I am loving my major so far. My adviser is very helpful in giving me resources to where I can work with hands on things that relate to my major and get experience for future jobs! If I had to do college over again I would no doubt in my mind choose Kansas State University.", u"Amazing school with a great family atmosphere. The place to be if you're looking into the agriculture industry.", u"I am seriously obsessed with K-State. It is the perfect place for me and I truly feel like I belong here. My favorite experiences so far are definitely the football games and all of the activities that they have going on around campus. My school has a ton of pride and tradition and we don't skimp out on loving our purple. We also don't joke around when it comes to academics. We are a family here at K-State. But I would totally do it all over again, the application process was really easy, you get update emails every day, the professors and advisors know what they're talking about. I just love it!", u'The best college experience by far. From an out of state perspective, as well as a first time college student from my family, Kansas State University is the best school for anybody.', u'There are a lot of ways to be involved at my school. My advisor always sends me emails about how I can involve myself in different events. I would choose it again because it is exactly what I had hoped for. I like all of my classes and I feel like I am learning so much so far.', u"Instructors at my college were great! They were helpful and the environment at the school was awesome as well as safe. I'm glad I got to meet like-minded people who are interested in similar things that I am.", u'It has a really great atmosphere. The only real problem is all the construction.', u'My college choice was and is the best option for me. My favorite experiences include living in a residence hall on-campus, because I met my future roommates there and made a lot of fun memories. My school is unique, because it is beautiful year-round and everyone is so friendly. Our school spirit is incredible, and everyone feels like they have a home at K-State.', u'Manhattan is a really small town, which has a few number of students who are actually from the area - Manhattan. During summer months, I would advice you to take classes and apply for jobs which are readily available on the CES website; particularly international students who are planning on staying over the summer. You would have the opportunity of meeting and interacting with people who are on-campus, most especially when the town is half deserted and not much activities to do there.', u'I have had the best experience in Kansas State University. I am currently a senior in KSU and I have learned so much these past two years. KSU is a very unique school because there are so many people who loves to help and we can build a great relationship with instructors and with the Kansas State University staff. I do not regret choosing this university I am sure I made the right choice.', u"When I first came to K-State, I was skeptical of my decision and even considered transferring and moving. Today, four years later, I couldn't picture myself anywhere else! It has been the biggest blessing, and the BEST four years of my life!", u'Its not that diverse so its hard to find friends or have the best college experience.', u'The professors have all been very helpful, and not impersonal like I thought they would be. If I ever had a problem I needed help with, I could always find someone to assist me.', u'As a student athlete my experience is great KSU is a family', u'The school is excellent. The student body encompasses the idea of family and everyone treats everyone nicely. The programs are competitive with other colleges, and not to mention K-State has a goal of being one of the top 50 public universities by 2025!', u'well first off i haven\'t start my year in Kansas State (Fall 2015 "Junior Year"). Am not currently on any type of scholarship to my knowledge, but i can only do is apply to many places in hope to help me out.', u'I think K-State is the best school because of the community. The people are the nicest, friendliest people in the world.', u'Being at K-State is a one of a kind experience. The people here are so friendly and helpful. Everyone, including the faculty, seems to want all their students walking across the stage.', u'I chose Kansas State because it has the best Engineering Department. Classes are challenging but worth it. People are friendly and helpful.', u'KSU makes every student feel like family.', u'I love K-State! I feel like I am part of a family!', u'I love how friendly everyone is. The advisors and staff are great!', u'My school is amazing because of the community within it. Everyone is incredibly nice and encouraging towards each other, no matter what.', u"I really like K-State, ever since first stepping on to campus I feel like I am apart of something larger than myself. It truly does feel like a family. I do wish that some of my classes were harder, and that the school was a bit smaller, but it's really easy to get involved in smaller communities that help you feel connected and the honors classes offered by K-State are great!", u'KSU has a great environment but not very good scholarship opportunities', u'I believe that I will have a great time learning and getting a great college experience', u'FRAT HOUSES are a good time freshman year!', u'Variety and convenience are great', u'I HATE HOW STRICT THEY ARE WITH PARKING', u'It is a pretty smooth process', u'There is a lot of variety and it is all great food', u'Social atmosphere and convenience rock!', u'I thought they did a good job.', u'it went well, then was delayed but it went through', u'It could include more fresh, not frozen, blue berries.', u'I really loved living in the LC Jardine community.', u'I had a great dorm experience!', u'Lots of available places, sometimes a little overpriced', u'mostly just fast food places and applebees etc.... there is not a wide variety.', u'Aggieville is where its at. The frats suck.', u'lots of options but lacking healthy options', u'The bathrooms are not always clean and the meals at the dining hall are definitely not worth the money I am paying.', u'The campus food and dining options on campus are okay. They are expensive, however, it does save time and energy of having to cook especially if your dorm room is unequipped with a kitchen. One thing that is frustrating is how if you skip a meal within a week, it will not roll over to the next week. The best places to eat is not on campus but in Aggieville where there are bars and a better variety of food selections.', u'The dorms are conveniently located, within close proximity to classes. They are very safe as you must have an ID to enter the building. The social atmosphere is great as there are RAs who love doing their jobs and plan events for each floor. The social atmosphere is fantastic as there are days when I come home and a group of girls are doing crafts in the lobby, or playing the piano, or even swing dancing. The cost is more on the expensive side as there are apartments that offer cheaper living arrangements, however, the atmosphere in the dorms are the ultimate college experience.', u'The food on campus is mostly like any cafetria food. Probably not the best quality of food but that is to be excepted. They had a lot of foood options though.', u'Some peopled really enjoy living on campus but it just was not for me. The dorms at K-State are farly up to date. I had a suit but even the suits did not have living rooms. I loved my roomates but I just need more personal and private space.', u"I like living off campus, but I'm also lucky to only live two blocks away.", u'Some regulations are enforced strictly and others very lenient, need to be more consistent.', u'The process was pretty simple.', u'Many options and always great!', u'new buildings and many conveniences.', u'I live in FarmHouse Fraternity, and it has many benefits. We are less than 1/4 of a mile from campus, I have free parking at my fraternity, and it is cheaper than living in the dorms. It is a benefit to live in a greek house, if a person has the option. It provide a time for someone to get to know a lot of people, just like themselves.', u'There are many different types of food, some fast food and some local places. They have a lot of diversity places to eat.', u'For people that are into partying, there are a lot of options. A lot of student go to Dirty Dawgs and swing dance or to one of the fraternities that is throwing a party. Also, Aggieville is pretty crazy on the weekends.', u"It is a public university, so there are many rules that dictate people's actions. I do not live on campus, so I am unable to speak on what it is like on campus.", u'It was a tough experience to begin with, but once I how to go about getting financial aid, it was somewhat easy. The admissions office helped me out a bunch! They were always wanting to help me out!', u"I found my future apartment in a week with a great landlady. The company is family run and it couldn't have been easier transitioning even further from life at home with your parents.", u'There are so many great places to eat with great prices and great deals for students. There is somewhere for everyone to enjoy and the great places are very close to campus or off-campus living.', u'The professors and administration are pretty strict, but fair.', u'There is always something to do, whether you are a big drinker or you just want to dance. Every night of the week you can find somewhere to have fun.', u'I ended up taking a loan I did not need and I am not very experienced with loans and money issues so the students at the financial aid office were super helpful in helping me determine what I needed to do.', u'The food has something for everyone. I can always find something I like to eat. I love the fresh salad bar. I also enjoy the desserts (Call Hall Ice Cream), baked potato bar, and soup bar. I will miss the food when I do not live on campus next year.', u"The dorms are clean and very safe. The food is great and reminds me of my mom's cooking. Any amenities you could possible need are about a 15 minute walk away (the grocery store, the rec, the library, the union, the football stadium, etc.). Everything about the process has been super easy and there are always a lot of people who are willing to help in any way they can. Everyone here is very nice, it has a family atmosphere. This makes the transition much easier and makes the homesick days few and far between.", u'Off-campus housing is convenient, but dirty.', u'Less strict about underage drinking', u"The people aren't great and dorms suck.", u'I prefer the off campus living than the on campus living.', u'There are many great restaurants and many of them deliver.', u"The administration is pretty nice because they let you do you, and aren't really up your butt about rules and whatnot.", u'The parties here are absolutely fun and a great time!', u"They charge so much for tuition and room and board, but don't really give much back in financial aid and FAFSA.", u"The food is okay. Sometimes it lacks seasoning and when I get a to go box, they don't put enough in there. They're very skimpy on rationing the food.", u"It's a good dorm and the RA and others are nice from time. At night the people aren't respectful, also if you're in the lobby watching TV or something, the people hanging out their are really loud.", u"It's pretty good in general but could easily be improved. just throwing in a few novelty foods here and there would make the dining experience so much better", u"I absolutely love K-state! I was uncertain at first because it was so far away but I've grown to love it here!", u"I don't live in off-campus housing so I can't help with this.", u"There are so many places to choose from! You shouldn't get bored with any place!", u'They are pretty easy to get along with and they pay attention to what students need.', u"I didn't get any scholarships from the school. It was not a fun process to go through.", u"I'm not a huge partier so I can't be of much help here but my sorority friends prefer frat parties.", u'Dining hall food could be better but they do have to make it for a lot of us! The union has great choices and Call Hall is always a good decision!', u'Awesome atmosphere to be living in!', u'Very hard to find reasonable housing for multiple people.', u'Some of the best dining options are downtown near shops.', u'I feel as though many people get away with warnings when there should be more consequences.', u'Talk to the admissions office directly on the best course of action.', u'The hours of the dining center on the weekends could be extended to allow more flexibility for students.', u'Living on campus is great, I really feel part of the community.', u"I didn't have a problem finding a place and the landlord has been great!", u"I can't complain about it. Plus it has the varsity food truck which is always a win.", u"I think they do a good job of it. I haven't run into many problems.", u'I have been doing alright with them, though sadly I have had to take out some loans', u'I have always had fun at them and there are always tons to go to.', u"It's great if you are living in the dorm and have a meal plan. It doesn't always have the best hours and it isn't available Sunday night which is a bummer, but other than that its great. Definitely a step up from highschool food. Its also great if you like eating a lot, because it is unlimited food.", u"It's not bad, I would recommend it for anyone's first year, but its just to expensive to maintain for myself. Plus it's too small for what i would like. I also like to have privacy and you can't have it in a dorm.", u'the staple foods like Einstein bro. and the great salad bar are good choices when on the go or when you want to eat with friends, but Call hall is the best for lunch and as a treat !!!', u'Very helpful with finding scholarships', u'They have Chik-fil-a in the union and Panda express which is awesome. They also have caribou coffee, but i wish it were open later.', u"The dorms themselves are cleaner and nicer rooms than I've seem at other Junior Colleges, however, if you choose to spend the extra money on living in a suite, and also plan on making friends on your floor... don't. I am a social butterfly, and I don't know the names of ANYONE on my floor. Most people who choose to live in suites are content with only being friends with their suitemates. Also, if you are not in Greek life, living in Ford is the biggest mistake you could make. Haymaker is the best dorm by far. The Derby complex is the best choice people wise, as the Strong complex usually has people more shy and focused on their studies and the Goodnow Marlatt is mostly engineers, science, architecture people.. also mostly studying.", u'I prefer eating at home', u'it is safe place and close to the university', u'Off house campus housing is very close to campus. It is also overpriced and the houses are very run down and some unsafe to live in. The quality of parking and landlords depends on the house and location.', u'There is a very large variety of food options. The only downside is the restaurants are a little spaced out and are mainly major food chains or common restaurants.', u"Campus strictness is very reasonable. It does not hinder students' academic or social lives.", u"I have been giving a lot of effort the last four semesters and have been doing very well in the classes. They are very tough classes and I feel that I deserve a little financial help due to the effort that I have put into the courses. If I could start over I would recommend making sure you do good in all of your classes your freshman year. If you don't do the best your first few semesters, it can really hurt your GPA.", u'Technology is fairly up to date and computers are very fast and capable of handling numerous applications along with all engineering applications. The only downside to the technology aspect at Kansas State would be the fluctuating wifi availability. Sometimes it gets overwhelmed with too many students and becomes very slow.', u'Depending on where you go, you can usually find some pretty good food options. I have never been upset with eating at the student union. The derby dining complex food quality sometimes fluctuates, but I feel like that is just due to personal food preferences. The derby dining complex usually has a wide variety of foods so you can almost always find something that sounds good.', u"Although cost is fairly high, the schooling and most teachers are great. Location is also a plus since campus is so close to residential areas. In my opinion the size of the Kansas State Campus is perfect. The dorms are pretty nice but they're not for everyone.", u'I like 20 minutes from campus so my area is a little different but around campus everything is nice and student friendly', u'I have no experience with off-campus housing', u'Very friendly school and all student take pride in being a wildcat', u'I was only involved in Greek life for about a week before I decided to drop but that was primarily a personality clash with Greek life and myself. Overall it seems like a great organization that does wonderful social and community things.', u'The college has gone above and beyond to prevent sexual assault and educate others on it. They also have many places set up for support for victims.', u"I don't really take part in many parties.", u"The only thing I'd change is the proximity to the parking lots.", u'They do a great job of keeping everyone in check.', u'Everyone on campus is always up-to-date on sports.', u'Financial aid can be difficult to deal with but it is needed.', u"I've never had an internship but I would like to do one throughout the time I'm at kstate!", u'Manhattan is a great college town but not quite a place to raise a family', u'Fake patties is really fun. It is the biggest event of the year and people come out from many parts of Kansas and other schools.', u"There are safety buttons but they aren't everywhere", u'The location might be great but the living situations arent always. I am stuck in the basement of a 50 year old building', u'I love the environment at every game', u'Not as many options as one would want at certain dining centers', u"I live pretty near to all my classes which is nice but I don't talk a lot to people in my dorm because I live in the basement and don't have to.", u"I feel pretty safe around campus but do know people that have been the victim of sexual assault. LaFene is great but it's kind of out of the way. I sprained my ankle and trying to get from my dorm to LaFene without a car was hell. They have people that drive around in carts to pick up injured but they are often unreliable.", u"The only issue I've ever heard about with the police or administration is parking tickets, there isn't enough parking so students often have to find alternative places to park which results in parking tickets.", u"Being in a more secluded is great because we are surrounded by the country so it's very easy to decide to go camping or hiking one day.", u"Aggieville is right next to campus and has a great variety of places to eat that aren't too expensive but farther off campus there are nicer restaurants for fancier nights out.", u"I love the Greek life at K-State, like all schools each house has stereotypes but the people I've met do not live up to them. Each house is passionate about their philanthropy and are very supportive of other houses' philanthropies as well.", u"I haven't been able to immerse myself in the program so far the way I'd like to because I'm trying to finish all the general requirements first. So far I enjoy the professors and the curriculum as well as the variety of classes offered in the history program.", u'One of my favorite places on earth. They don\'t call it "Manhappiness" for no reason.', u'It was very easy to receive scholarship money.', u"I haven't seen any safety or health related issues yet.", u"I personally don't live off campus yet, but I've been looking for a place for next year and it has been easy. My brother lives in an apartment currently and enjoys it.", u'Aggieville is very close with a variety of unique restaurants, and there are plenty of fast food chains nearby.', u"I'm not a part of Greek life and they don't bother me.", u'There are lots of events for Greeks to get involved in.', u'Kansas State University offers just about any major anyone could want. The big one they lack is for medicine.', u'I am not sure on what exactly I am majoring in, so right now I am just taking general classes.', u'They are many dierse guys and gals.', u"Overall what I've seen has been accepting to diversity.", u'At first I loved it because thy always had fresh fruits and vegetables, and the meals are great but after awhile it gts to be the same things over again.', u'Basically anything you could want is available.', u"There are many systems in place to help people feel safe, yet it is still a big campus so it isn't perfect.", u'The dorms are very close to classes. Some of the dorms are more social than others.', u"I have heard there aren't a lot of choices and some can be pricey.", u'Received some but need more', u'The administration is more strict on some things than others.', u"There are people you can call to walk with you through campus at night so that you don't have to alone.", u'Nice small city to live in. It has many choices of dining out and shopping.', u"Not much of a partier so I don't know how the party life is.", u'There are many unique places to eat at. Aggieville has lots of choices, many that are unique to Manhattan. Costs are usually pretty reasonable.', u'The athletic teams at Kansas State are very well supported by fans in that we always have sell out home football games. The basketball games are packed with fans as well. The teams do a good job at doing their best and working as a team. Some years the teams performance is better than others, but overall they do a really good job. The students support the teams well by packing as many students as possible into the student section. The athletic facilities keep getting improved and expanded.', u'We have a fantastic Rec building that recently was remodeled. I personally have not had enough time to participate in intramurals, but a lot of my friends have loved their experiences.', u"It's very easy to apply for scholarships, but the amount isn't very good unless you get a 30 or higher on your ACT.", u'Aggieville is the place to go and has the best places to eat. It has my favorite chain places (Jimmy Johns, Chipotle) while at the same time has super cute coffee shops and unique places to Manhattan to eat at.', u"I grew up in private Christian schools, so college seems like a breeze to me. It all depends on what you're used to. Personally, I really think their rules are reasonable and not ridiculously strict.", u"I'm not much of a frat party-goer. But there are great events on campus and Dirty Dawgs is another really fun place to hang with friends.", u"My brother recently just found a house to live in with some of his friends. It was a pretty easy find, and rent is lower than what he had to pay for housing on campus (including meals). It's decently close to campus, but the quality of the house isn't the best.", u"I love living on campus in the dorms because it makes it really easy to get involved. You have people on your floor to do stuff with, along with clubs and activities being more accessible since you're already on campus.", u'I hear that it is hard to get internships.', u'There is a lot to do in Manhattan, including a mall and various places to eat.', u"The RA's in the dorms are more strict than anybody.", u'I feel very safe there are button all over campus that you can push if you are in trouble.', u'It is better and cheaper then eating at the dinning halls.', u'I live on campus and love it but living off campus saves you so much more money.', u"The football games are really popular at K-State super fun. The other sporting events aren't as popular.", u"I hate Greek Life. Really. If you're not Greek, well, Greeks won't give you the time of day usually. There's always the few who don't follow the stereotypes, but I've been at this school for two years and all the sorority girls I've met are snobby and rude, and frat boys are, well, frat boys. Don't trust them. They've got their houses and house parties and if you're not Greek, you're not in. To find your niche without being Greek is extraordinarily difficult, even though Greeks are only 20-30% of students. However, I believe that percentage includes online students and grad students.", u"Nothing much happens in Manhattan; it's a very safe place to live. However, there's almost always one or two sexual assaults that make the news in the beginning of the year, as the new freshman are still getting used to campus. We have resources you can use if you feel unsafe. There are emergency pillars, though kind of spaced out, but they are there, and you can hit the button if there's an emergency. We also have Wildcat Walk, and you can call at anytime to have an officer escort you anywhere on campus and up to a block off campus. 24/7.", u"Yeah K-State Wildcats! Our basketball team is sometimes good, but mostly it revolves around our football team and it's amazing head coach, Bill Snyder. We named our stadium after him! And a highway. EMAW!", u"It's Manhattan, Kansas. Our biggest attraction is Aggieville, which holds some record for the most bars per block in America or something like that. So lots of drinking. But if you're a rural person, there's fishing and hunting and riding too.", u"There is basically anything you could want. We've got your fast food joints - Chipolte, Qdoba, Arby's, McD's, Burger King, Wendy's, IHOP, etc. - plus smaller, local restaurants. As college kids, we can't eat at the finer ones all the time, but Little Apple Brewery is delicious, and if your parent's are in town and you can convince them to take you to Harry's, boy are you in for a treat. There's also local joints in Aggieville - So Long Saloon is always a favorite.", u'Seems fine to me. Attendance policies are set by professors, not the school. Very strict about the honor code if you are caught. I have never lived on campus, so I may be unaware of some policies.', u"I think everyone has different opinions on Greek life. Some people love it, and some people think it's pointless, but most people respect each other's decisions on whether or not to be a part of a sorority or fraternity.", u'There are plenty of things to do off campus, but still close by.', u'I really enjoy living in the dorms. Although I may not have the best roommate in the world, my floor is great. I love living on the Architecture floor and being so close to people who have the same schedule and work as I do and I can get to know so well. I have great RAs that spend time getting to know everyone on the floor and I feel that I am having a much better experience living in the dorms than most other people are.', u'Better than the price gouging dorms!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', u"A lot of the parties are in fraternities if you are underage, and at some houses, it isn't always the safest. But, there are always people to call if you had to much to drink, don't think you can handle it, etc. free of charge to make sure that everyone gets home safe.", u'A very popular field, and there is a lot of support behind it. Resources are always available to take advantage of, but it can be very competitive at times. Overall, a very good program.', u'Just like most other schools.', u'Just like most other schools.', u'Can me like most schools.', u"The Greek life at my school is excellent. They generally have higher GPA's than non-Greek members and they strive to give back to the community.", u'The party scene is evident in Manhattan, KS, especially with Aggieville right next door. There are several house parties and frat parties on any given weekend. I am not much into the party scene but some of my friends who are are extremely satisfied with the environment.', u'The process went very smoothly and I received some financial aid. However, it will not be enough to sustain me for all of my college education and I am somewhat worried about where I will get the needed money from in the future.', u"The campus is very strict in regards to certain things, such as the honor code, and more lenient in regards to 'less severe' things, such as dorm visitation.", u"The residence halls are excellent and the atmosphere is super friendly. The social aspect is great and there's always something going on. There are several posters and flyers on any given day that display lots of information about a range of activities going on around campus.", u"There are a wide variety of restaurants and food establishments to choose from. Several of them have very diverse menus and there's always somewhere to go to satisfy any craving you may have. Their hours are excellent for college students and most of them offer student discounts. Some restaurants even have specials on certain days for specific food items.", u'For my specific major, which is Nutritional Sciences, there are not many, if any, internships. However, I am a pre medicine student and there are many opportunities to shadow physicians. There are several programs and clubs at my school that aid in preparation for medical school.', u'The atmosphere of Manhattan, KS is very friendly. Everyone, in general, is very courteous to others and there is a definite ambiance in their interactions. There are several area attractions that draw both locals and college students. The shopping is varied. The campus, as well as the town, is very safe and emergency responders are on the scene in a reasonable amount of time.', u'Didnt get any aid just one crap scholarship', u'lots of activities to do around town', u'Amazing sports lots of student involvement', u'I think its good idk i dont go to parties', u'Lots of local restaurants that have some of the best food i have ever had', u'Parking is a problem on campus and around town. Lots of things to do though.', u'Rules are enforced, but you can get away with some things.', u'Lots of different things to do and usually more then one thing is happening each weekend.', u'There will always be some crime , for the most part KSU does a good job of keeping crime down.', u'Certain Fraternities and sororities have a bad reputation and others are fine.', u'Lots of options, but student discounts are not given unless asked for or known about.', u"I'm not in a Greek organization, but the people in them here seem nice enough...", u'I was offered in-state tuition. Exactly what I needed!', u'Great restaurants, better people. Everyone is so welcoming to the college students.', u"Your floor-mates become your family. That's what K-State's all about!", u'For a small college community I feel there are adequate restaurant options. I have not really taken advantage of the student discounts.', u'The party scene is not my priority or favorite thing but generally i found the parties I have attended to be safe, fun, and responsible.', u'My dorm building is pretty old but it serves its purposes just fine. I like the eating facility and the healthy foods it has to offer.', u'I feel safe on campus and on many occasions the campus security have escorted me to destinations on campus.', u'I am in the Human Ecology college with interests in Nutrition and Kinesiology. The professors are incredible and I have the best guidance counselor at the University. I find the curriculum challenging but fair.', u'I am a member of Delta Delta Delta and have thoroughly enjoyed my experience thus far.', u'I applied for many scholarships but did not receive any. After many applications and essays and good grades in high school, for some reason I am sad to report I did not receive any scholarships.', u'Manhattan is a friendly place. The University I feel is a safe place.', u"It tends to be more focused on traditional students living in the town. Rent/cost of living is way too high especially when minimum wage is only $7.25 an hour. Absolutely ridiculous! That's part of the reason I'm moving out of this state after I graduate.", u'Prices are way too high. Especially for a single mother. They charge ad if we have an option to have roommates, when I do not consider that an option. I do not want strangers living around my children. The rent is the same as certain places in California & I know this because some of my family lives there. That is just crazy to me!', u"It's awesome, but will still leave me with a tremendous amount of debt & also does not provide enough living/housing income for non-traditional students who have children & live off campus.", u"I'm not in one. I'm a non-traditional student so I don't really know much about this topic.", u'There is a little bit of everything. Although I would love to see a red lobster built here. We do not have a red lobster.', u'I personally have not seen any violence on campus.', u"I haven't had any problems. I would just make sure you apply as soon as you can.", u"I was in a sorority for two years and it was the worst decision of my life. People in sororities and frats here think they are so much better than everyone else. They are rude to others that aren't in Greek life and are just rude to other houses to make themselves feel better. The girls in my house made girls in the same house feel low or less than them. It also was super expensive and not worth the money.", u"I didn't hate living on campus but now that I have my own house I absolutely love it.", u'Every place has crime but I feel safe on campus and around campus.', u'I get chills going to the football and basketball games because everyone is so excited and hype for the games. Most of the teams are good. Everyone feels like a family at these events.', u'The atmosphere here in Manhattan is seriously so great! Everyone is friendly and loves KSU. Anyone that ever comes here always falls in love with the town and the people. Happy place to be.', u'The administration is strict but at the same time you can tell that they really care about the students.', u'Most of the places around town have student discounts.', u"didn't have any issues with the process", u'not the best dorms but not the worst', u'plenty of attractions within manhattan, i.e. parks, zoo, movie theater, flint hills discovery center, konza prairie', u'easy to apply, lots of different majors to choose from', u'lots of great opportunities within my major; some very difficult and time-consuming classes, though', u'variety of both fast food and restaurants', u"Always make sure to check your isis account online to see if you have any outstanding balances and then meet with your financial aid adviser to get it sorted out. Don't leave getting it taken care of to the last minute. Also, be super nice to the people in the FiAid office because they are really cool and very willing to help, so be courteous!!", u'I here sorority girls taking about chapter stuff all the time. One night, I sat in the lobby and talked with a girl from a sorority who explained to me what Rush Week was all about. I have met some cool Greek people and some annoying ones. Like everything else, it is kind of a mix.', u'I fell in love with Manhattan on my first visit to campus. The area in so pretty and vibrant compared to other parts of Kansas. The best spot in town to go on a clear night is the Top of the World (aka Manhattan hill). The view of the city lights from the is amazing and you can sometimes even see a few stars depending on where you are at.', u'Policies do not really affect that much.', u'The first thing that all first years learn is to wear purple on game day, Whether or not you are actually going to the game or not. There is a HUGE pep rally put on for the freshmen the Sunday before classes start. All of the different athletic teams are introduced and the coaches give a few words. The marching band also shows off their stuff by doing their pre-game performance and the cheerleaders do a routine. For me, the pep rally took me right back to my high school days on the sidelines in my cheerleading uniform.', u'Dorms are older, but fairly well maintained. The social atmosphere is excellent. There is always something going on, someone new to meet, or someone to help you when you need it. The laundry facilities are slightly dated, but they get the job done. Your student ID doubles as a campus debit card, so no more toting around rolls of quarters! The application process for on-campus living is pretty simple.', u'Everything went smoothly for me.', u'I had a great time!', u'I wish they had better lighting on certain paths.', u'Most of the non-Greek students do not associate with the Greek students.', u'There is not a lot of variety compared to other larger campus towns.', u'I feel that K-State is average concerning campus strictness.', u'The party scene is not as prevalent at K-State compared to other schools.', u'Manhattan has a great relationship with the K-State family', u"Just be smart and use your common sense. Don't travel alone at night.", u'It tends to be exclusive but nongreeks are typically welcome at greek parties', u"K-State athletics are some of the best in the region. The fan experience is like nothing you've ever experienced.", u'Without a social security number, you cannot apply for it', u'People are always on-call when you have a problem with where you are staying.', u'some of the greek houses are better than some of the local houses.', u'Locals are very friendly towards students, especially new students. Almost everyone you see, smiles and says hi to you, which is very helpful especially when you are having a bad day.', u'During game days, everyone is very much hyped-up about attending. Almost everyone goes to support the football team.', u'I would say we have one of the biggest school spirit in the country. Wherever you go, there is always an immense number of purple. We want everyone to know which school we attend.', u"They're very strict about alcohol, drugs, and breaking the rules. But they know we're in college and things are going to happen so they do their best to educate us as well as enforcing the rules.", u'There are tons of restaurants and tourist attractions in Manhattan. We have Manhattan Hill which is kind of like the Hollywood sign. We have many experimental buildings that people can visit. Junction City is only like 20 minutes away and they have more restaurants there as well.', u'I have never lived off campus but I have many friends that do. They all live in different areas so I have a pretty good idea about the apartments. They are very different from each other but they are all nice and affordable. Some have different perks and are farther from campus, but still great to live in.', u'Living on campus is great. Campus is pretty much in the middle of Manhattan, so everything is pretty much walking distance. Everyone is friendly and are quick to assist if someone looks like they need help.', u'I have not had an internship yet but for my major three are required so I can graduate. They want us to graduate with 900+ hours in our field.', u'There are so many different clubs and activities for every major on campus. My major has numerous events and clubs throughout the year. Plus in order to keep us updated, they send out weekly emails and talk about the events in class.', u'There are many safety precautions we have. For example, we have Wildcat Walk, where you call the number and someone will walk to wherever you and then walk you home so you get there safely.', u"The party scene is fabulous! It's always diverse and everyone seems to have a great time.", u'Police are all over campus and in Aggieville, especially during certain events. I feel safe when on campus or going out, however for those who walk home at night it is a bit more dangerous, and the lighting for streets near campus could improve. We also get email notifications if something has occurred.', u'I have the GI bill and my bill gets paid on time every month. The school princesses my paperwork quickly and the VA processes quickly too.', u"I don't really know much about Greeks here. I plan on pledging but don't see or hear much on campus.", u'One of the best places to eat is Umi. They are a Japanese steak house. Its a bit expensive depending on what you get, but the food is good, sushi is made fresh, and the hibachi show is fun and exciting. Its family friendly too.', u'Aggieville always has something going on for everyone. There are frat parties almost every weekend. There are also always hangouts with friends.', u"Athletic games are very popular to attend especially the football and basketball games.\n\nStudents are very supportive of the school's teams.", u'Talking to the financial aid office can be helpful.\n\nPost financial aid quickly and it is easy to accept/decline.', u"Greeks are everywhere, I wouldn't know where to begin", u"It is very expensive to live off of campus. There aren't many places that allow pets and those that do charge redo lupus amounts. If you want cheap living, you need to move to a neighboring town and drive to campus, with the added cost of a parking pass.", u'Too much emphasis is placed on the athletics and not enough on academia.', u"They're strict but for the students own good", u'Mostly fast food places and expensive restaurants for when the parents visit', u"I am underage but they bars are very close to campus. They have a huge fake patty's and people come from all over to attend. I had a wonderful time being a DD and watching all that was happening.", u'There is a diverse student body with all personality traits. However, everyone seems friendly. The first time I was on campus, a couple of girls asked if they could help me find what I was looking for. (Must have been my overwhelmed look.) Also, my mom came on campus and was lost. Some young man saw the confused look on her face and asked if he could help. I like our campus and those who attend K-State.', u'The Financial aid office is extremely helpful. My tip, start planning early but never give up. There is a lot of scholarships out there but you have to keep applying.', u"I have never lived on campus but I have a few friends who do and have spent some time at the dorms. I don't think I would mind living there but I would probably have to use the library to study as the noise level is more than I'm used to.", u'I live off campus but I just by a parking pass and can park almost any where on campus, included a covered parking garage. I love that I can get away when I need to but can still be close to campus so that I can attend extra-curricular events. Most of my friends live off campus and really seem to enjoy it.', u'I believe we have very caring professors. They want to see students excel while learning. Most are very accessible. Sometimes their courses are difficult but with the free tutors and teaching assistants, there is no reason for failure.', u'Engineering is wonderful at K-State. In one more year, they will be opening a wonderful new facility. The professors and teaching assistants want to see you succeed. You are not just a number. There are a lot of tutors, which are paid for by the college. So, there is no reason for you to fail a class if you put in the effort. They have a good program for those wanting to find a job or internship. I applied with four companies and got four job offers. Because they have provided plenty of meet and great events during their week-long career fairs. They also have people on hand to assist you with resumes and interview techniques.', u'What can I say? You name it, we have it on our campus.', u"I have a lot of friends who play intramural sports and really enjoy it. The athletic facilities for all students are really nice and so is the town's community center. They also offer a lot of team sports so if you don't play for an intramural team, you can join a town team. Everyone wants to attend our football and basketball games. They are so much fun. I started attending basketball games with my parents when I was three weeks old. Good times!", u'There are a lot of local places that offer a ton of ethnic choices, along with your typical chain places. Of course, there is also all the fast food you could want. The prices seem reasonable and there are quite a few places that cater specifically to the college students by staying open late and offering interesting comfort type foods.', u"I am not Greek. I don't have any Greek friends either because they have different values than I have. However, they throw a party and are very good about sharing class information with each other.", u'I have never been afraid walking across campus in the dark alone. I have not heard of anyone being assaulted or anything about theft. I think our campus is pretty safe. I love it.', u"I am having trouble with this issue as it seems like they enforce there rules but I have never had the experience with myself or friends breaking them. Therefore, it is hard for me to discuss. I haven't heard anyone complain about them, however.", u"Manhattan is a wonderful rural community. There are a lot of dining establishments and the school offers many activities and cultural events. There is a small mall which isn't too bad but that is about it for shopping. I believe it is one of the friendlies places to live and go to school.", u'The sports facilities are top notch, and are very important.', u'They are lenient where they need to be and strict where they need to be as well.', u"I did dual-degree with Manhattan Christian College and Kansas State University, I didn't start at KState until 3 years in and I was not full time when I first started so I have not received financial aid from K-state itself at all. I am currently struggling with this issue now.", u'There is a lot of diversity on campus. I not only see new people everyday, but there are always an array of different backgrounds.', u'I think that receiving my degree from KState will help me indefinitely in my future career.', u'I love being at Kansas State University, I have really enjoyed my time there in everything.', u'From what I can tell, Greek life is huge on campus. They have a lot of programs and activities for all greek chapters.', u"There seems to be more lighting that has been put up around town, but I normally don't walk alone in the first place.", u'I wish there was more healthy options, but there is a great variety of different places and Manhattan is always changing so there are new restaurants popping up.', u'The JMC school has great programs and the staff are super supportive, encouraging and helpful.', u'Kansas State has a lot of different programs, an array of internship/job opportunities, and has great facilities and curriculum in the JMC school.', u'The guys and girls are your basic university grip, a little bit of every type.', u'There are a variety of places to go to, except that there are few good dancing bars. The amount of bars to chill out and hang out at are great though!', u'I absolutely love the fact that my University focuses so much on the support, school spirit, team performance, etc. of the athletics and the athletic program. Not only is the university heavily involved in the athletics, the entire city of Manhattan is involved as well as almuni. We are one big family at the Kansas State University!', u'I love my school and I can\'t wait to get back in Manhattan for my senior year. Something that is often said is that K-State is one big family and it really is. We have a "family reunion" football game every fall and the K-State Proud campaign is truly students helping students.', u"House parties are relatively common. If you're 21 Aggieville is an awesome place to spend time on weekends. If you're underage and are caught drinking in Aggieville though, you will get in serious trouble.", u'It was easy for me to get into the theatre program and I also got a scholarship as an incoming freshman. It is important to really want to get involved early on.', u'They are about to start renovating the student union which I find unnecessary. To make us happy all they need to do is replace the bathroom sinks.', u'I am in the theatre department and I really enjoy the program. There are many opportunities to get involved, even for an underclassman. With that said, the department is what you make it.', u'The library is a great place to study. There are lots of quiet areas and computers as well as areas for group studying.', u'My professors in the theatre department have been really helpful with getting me internships.', u"The quality of the course and professor varies a lot based on what class you're taking. I have had classes with extremely attentive professors that care about you and the subject matter, but I've also had the complete opposite.", u'I have not gotten financial aid at the school so I have no tips. I have a $500 scholarship a semester because of my GPA score and grades in high school, but that was just given.', u"The facilities at K-State are very good for the most part. The classes aren't bad except for the air conditioning units. The places that I am at most outside of class such as the library, rec, and student union are great.", u'I think that Greek Life is beneficial to the social life on campus. The fraternities are not exclusive with their parties as long as you are treating everyone with respect and not causing problems, so non-greeks can come.', u'I feel like most people in Manhattan feel very safe. I have only heard of a few crimes that deal with breaking and entering into houses. The only other major thing I have heard is 3 cars were lit of fire last year.', u"I would say that the one thing that the campus needs to cool down on is parking. You can park in a spot that is for students, but not your lot, run into a building to turn your homework in, and come out to find a $25 ticket. Everything else they do is pretty average, so can't complain.", u'The fact that Manhattan has Aggieville is amazing. It is right next to campus and has probably 10-15 bars located on a single block. It is always busy, and a great time from what I have heard and seen driving through it.', u"It is very clear living in Manhattan, Ks that without K-State it probably wouldn't even exist. The city is dead during the winter and summer breaks. There is not much shopping, no big cities around for professional sports, and not a lot of museums you could attend. I would say the the atmosphere on campus during the school months is great, but everywhere else it is pretty dull. The nightlife is great in Manhattan due to Aggieville, which is a block full of bars and restaurants. It is extremely busy Wednesday-Sunday.", u'I would say that the diversity on our campus is fairly average. The majority of the students are white, but there are still plenty Asians, African Americans, Indians, and Hispanics. All of the other areas that were questioned I believe are fairly average as well, expect for political affiliation. Our campus is extremely conservative and republican. I would say that over 95% of the campus votes for the republican party.', u'I really thing that the athletics at K-State is what a lot of people take the most pride in. We never get the best recruits out of high school, yet we still manage to be near the topic of our conference in football and basketball. Our fans our great, we produce a very difficult atmosphere for opposing teams. Whenever there is a game day in basketball or football, most students are representing their purple pride. It truly feels like it is the whole campus against the other team.', u'Kansas State does a great job of getting you ready for the real world. Many classes regularly have speakers who work in the field related to the class. There are many places you can go to get help with your resume and interviewing skills. WE always have a big career day in the fall and another in the spring. Also there are many speakers that you can see outside of the classroom.', u"For the most part I like everything about the classes. I can take just about any class that I would want. The class sizes are normally around 40, and the only big ones are the gen. ed. classes that you really don't need to deal with the teacher all that much. The only problems that I have had is the amount of foreign teachers in the match department, and not that they are foreign, but that they barely speak any english. It is very hard to learn from a teacher who doesn't know how to communicate with their students.", u'I would say that for the most part that guys and girls are either in a greek organization, athletes, or from a small town. Each one dresses a bit different. The Greeks normally dress preppy. The athletes are always wearing their warmups or some other sort of K-State athletic clothes. The people from the small town dress very agriculture, by that I mean there is a lot of boots, hunters clothes, and trucker hats.', u'The university has been gaining recognition on its academic, research, and student life to become one of the top 50 public universities in the USA. The football stadium had its renovation and has been completed for a few years. An addition was added to the basketball stadium. A tennis court was added next to the recreation building to play NCAA games, legally. As of now, the Union is undergoing review for alterations and/or additions from the students and the public. The library is one of the best places to study, you feel as if you are lifted in the air.', u'An internship is to allow a student to work the positions that a normal citizen would work and/or, in some cases, a position that requires education. I was transferred to different areas of the poultry industry from sanitation to processing, inventory to shipping, and quality assurance to inspection. The internship, I had, was through a consortium. The purpose is to gain experience and knowledge of the poultry industry.', u'My program of Agricultural Education is great for those that want to be a teacher and to be proactive on the agriculture industry. I chose this program as I want to learn more about the different areas of the industry. I take classes in agronomy, agricultural economics, animal science, horticulture, and food science. In addition, I had an internship in the poultry industry and was able to compare what activist smear on the media and internet to what really happens on the farm.', u'There is an abundance of girls on campus compared to guy, which should be no problem for guys to find a girl. There is the rich from the poor, in which is mainly described by the type of apparel worn. The university I attend, also, does have a good ratio of multicultural races, which is great if you have plans to study abroad.', u'Human body class is great.', u'Biology is great at K-State but not cutting edge. Professors vary. Anatomy is very good.', u'Huge! Such an athletic campus', u'Some teachers good, some bad. Lots of large lectures.', u"I didn't qualify for much.", u'A few international students but traditional students are somewhat alike.', u"They're kind, put together, and smart students!", u"It's not a super diverse campus. Mostly republicans, mostly whites. But we do have our fair share of international students.", u"The workers at the Financial Aid office can be rude when trying to contact you and there are several times when they haven't given me a full list of financial information they need, making it more of a hassle for me.", u"Athletics at KSU are super fun for everyone - even the kids who aren't into sports. There's really something for everyone.", u'Look up your professors before signing up for their class because they might not teach things the way you like.', u"I did not have experience with animals like some others did in my major so that benefited them more. I struggled to try and keep up with other's prior knowledge.", u'Cops assume everyone at a party is drinking so you can receive a ticket really easily.', u'I love the teachers in my major and the work is challenging but worth the challenge.', u'Library is very popular to get work done as well as local coffee shops and the student union. Professors are great and really care about the students.', u'Food places range from Chinese to Italian. I normally go out on the weekends and they have student discounts as well as cheap prices.', u"I have never heard of any sexual assault crimes since I've been there and the police are near if you need them.", u"I'm not a huge fan of sororities because the girls all think they're better than you if you are not in one. The fraternities are chill and go-with-the-flow kind of guys.", u'I absolutely love going to football, basketball, and baseball games. They are a ton of fun to attend and we have really nice facilities. The school spirit is insane. Unlike anything I have ever experienced!', u'I consider myself in a lot of financial need because I have an older sister that attends the University of Alabama and my younger sister is about to attend my school. My family cannot afford that and the financial aid is barely any help.', u'I have met people from Australia, My main group of friends are all from Kansas but differ in sexual orientation and religious beliefs.', u'Frat parties are a ton of fun. The guys are very nice and I never have a problem finding a DD from the frat. Aggieville has many bars that have well-priced drinks and a fun social scene.', u'I liked where I dined my freshmen year. The food was pretty good and the times fit nicely into my schedule.', u"With approximately 25,000 students, I can't speak for the university as a whole. The international students are there, but I don't know how much of the student population is comprised of international students. There's over 450 student organizations, last I heard, so you are able to find a club that may interest you.", u'Student attendance at football games is fantastic!', u"There are plenty of places in Manhattan to grab a bite. There are fast food and up-scale restaurants, but mostly the off-campus dining is 'fast-casual' - offering 'real food' at a faster speed than a typical sit-down restaurant, which is perfect for students! Most places also have some kind of student discount.", u"I don't know much about the party scene. I do know that a lot of people hit Aggieville on the weekends, but I don't hear a lot of scary stories coming out of Aggieville. It's possible to go there and have fun on the weekends without getting drunk, and I've never really felt in serious danger there the few times I've been on Friday and Saturday nights. In general, Aggieville is another thing that students take ownership and pride in and people spend plenty of time there outside of the weekends!", u"I would prefer having a financial aid advisor, like an academic advisor, who you deal with all the time you're at K-State so you are talking to the same person to discuss questions.", u'As far as appearance, Derby Dining Center could use a face-lift. It is always pretty clean, and it is designed well - lots of windows, lots of space, tables of all sizes and shapes to fit different group sizes, and the idea of booths is awesome. However, a coat of paint, some student artwork, and new ceiling tiles would make a big difference in bringing the space up to date.', u"I didn't receive that much aid because my parents make a decent living and are still married. I find this frustrating because with my younger brother now starting college, there has been some major financial burdens on my family this fall.", u'I had the smallest room on my dorm floor which was a bummer, but I met tons of great people and made lots of new friends.', u'I only ate campus dining my freshman year and what I can remember is that we always had many options and that the food was decent. I loved the salad bar and Call Hall ice cream.', u'Aggieville of course is the perfect place to find a spot to eat, you have a variety of chain restaurants as well as a mix of family-owned places. But it is not your only option. Manhattan is full of little surprises, you just have to be willing to explore and get out of your comfort zone.', u'I feel that you can always find your niche at KSU. There is an extreme amount of diversity and you can run in many different circles if that is the kind of personality you have.', u'There is always a place on campus for anyone to go to and study, hangout, or just relax. Many hang out in the Quad, or in the new Leadership Building which has its own cafe and the building is all made of recycled products.', u'Even though I am a Husker fan, I still get caught up in the Wildcat Pride every now and then. Support and spirit at KSU go hand in hand and almost everybody I know enjoys supporting our teams.', u"With KSU having it's own vet school, I am pretty set on where I am going to go for furthering my degree, but I also have many friends who have all been able to find internships and jobs in other majors. There are multiple career fairs a year and the Career and Employment Services on campus helped me find the job I hold currently while in school.", u"There are multiple scenarios that are possible at KSU. Most gen-ed courses are pretty large but as you get more into your specific skills and classes, those numbers drop rapidly. My experience with professors have been pretty great, I know many who would be there for me if I had a quick question or had an emergency and needed help. TA's are a whole different story though.", u"I'm not the biggest party-er in the world, so I'm not sure how beneficial my review will be, but I enjoy going to the country club Dirty Dawgs to swing-dance with my boyfriend every few weeks and to hang out with friends. I know a lot of frats have parties as well, but I tend to avoid them and go to just small gatherings with friends. I think the impact the party scene can have on a student is based on that student's personality; you can enjoy a drink with friends every now and again, or you can go out every night. It just depends on how much free time you have or how much you are willing to dedicate to your school work.", u'I am in the College of Agriculture studying Animal Science and Industries. For the normal program, getting in is not the issue, staying in is. It is not just a walk-in-the-park major. You also have the ability to take other College of Ag courses from all the different focuses like Food Science, Agricultural Economics, and the only Bakery Science major in the country.', u'Like I said above, being in the College of Ag allows me to have a very broad spectrum of new things to try. This was very beneficial to me as I did not grow up with the typical agriculture background and did not have a lot of experience when it came to anything ag related.', u'I think Manhattan is a great town to go to school in. You have the small town feel, but also have the perks of a larger city like the mall and many different restaurants. Campus is close to many of the "hot spots" in Manhattan, with everything being in almost walking distance. My only complaint is parking on campus. Sometimes I feel like I am being hunted by vultures in the parking lot between classes sometimes.', u'they do not get mad at a lot of things but they do not like underage drinking.', u'you have to drive everywhere', u'I love to eat at varsity doughnuts and their food truck is amazing.', u'every store is in manhattan there is literally two sides to manhattan.', u'I wish i had another crack at college but i still love the school that I attend.', u'average looking people for the most part at K-State.', u'Everyone that I know who graduated from K-State have very good careers going for their selves.', u'Not the biggest selection but it still has a lot of majors to choose from.', u'nothing too noticeable we are okay with seeing other para besides k-state on someone as long as it is not a jayhawk.', u'a lot of community involvement people love manhattan.', u'it is expensive but every one still spends the money to eat.', u'I am apart of an bglo fraternity and everyone loves our step shows', u'We support our wildcats until the last second. Everyone gets general passes to our games.', u'Kansas State offers a variety of student organization/clubs. People of any background are embraced and a part of the wildcat family.', u'it was long and confusing', u'I enjoyed it as well as recommend it', u'We are mostly an agricultural and football school.', u'I am non-traditional and I have receive support from many different people in many different areas of interest.', u'Many different clubs and organizations are present.', u'most students try for off campus after 1 year.', u'We are in the bible belt.', u'I lived in the dorms my freshman year but now live off campus. The dorms you definitely felt really safe and everything you wanted and needed is close by. The reason I like living off campus is the freedom to do what I want. I can feel a cheaper place to stay and have get together whenever I want.', u'I ran out of things to check because I love everything about my school. I love the people and the activities you get to participate in. I can honestly say there is not better college than Kansas State University.', u"I wouldn't wait on the shuttle because they take forever. They are free and it is nice they run from the bars to campus all night but your best bet is calling a taxi.", u'The best things about the dorms is that you are close to everything. Not only are you close to everything they are very clean and the food facilities are great!', u'Although sometimes the connections are terrible in the library they are average. You should expect slower internet when there are 300 students on that wireless router.', u"Although many believe that the campus police are strict I do not mind it. If they weren't as strict as they are I wouldn't feel as safe on campus. They are doing their as officers and we need to do our jobs as students and stay out of trouble.", u'It is all for safety and it is not unreasonable.', u'There are many things that the athletic programs invite non athletes to. I know that the football team will sometimes practice with the military personnel. Students also have a chance to meet the team and cheer them on. I do not attend games because I feel they are very expensive.', u'My favorite thing about kstate is the family like community it provides, I feel that this is unique for a state school of its size.', u'There is always something to do and someway to get involved. It is the best.', u'There are many international students that study here. I am Hispanic and know there are a ton of groups that I can join with people like me. There are so many clubs for different people that everyone can feel at home even if their homes are miles away.', u'I love my major but changing majors is fairly easy too. I plan on pursuing a career in the health field. I am excited about the people interaction but nervous because it is extremely competitive.', u'I just chose my classes. But hard work does pay off.', u'There are so many things to do in Manhattan, Kansas. I love doing outdoor activities such as hunting, fishing, running, working out. There are also many local places to eat at and do crafts.', u'People are very respectful and have a modest way of dressing.', u'The workload can be tough at times but with great resources like the writing center and the library it helps.', u'It is a tough major. I went into it thinking that it would be easy but I can honestly say I am great at writing a research paper because of it. You get what you put into your work/studies. It is not easy but we are paying to receive and education.', u"Some dining halls have more variety than others but overall the food is decent and it isn't too costly.", u'I always feel safe when I am on campus. I can leave any of my belongings unattended and know they will be there when I return. Walking alone at night also does not bother me.', u'Greek life is great for those looking for a little extra conundrum but it is fairly time consuming.', u'The winters and be very brutal but the fall I must say is the best.', u"I don't use it much so I really can't say.", u'With so many campus police and the Manhattan police I would say it is tough for students to use drugs. I myself am not affiliated with the drug scene and do not know others who are.', u'The underage nightlife is terrific because you can get into the bars and not drink and just watch all of the hilariously drunk people and enjoy the busy and exciting atmosphere.', u'The night life is awesome in Manhattan, Kansas. It is very relaxed and a great way to meet new people. With the military base near by you have a mix of many different people coming together.', u'Kstate offers a family atmosphere and I think the student body reflects that. Students where a lot of athletic wear and cowboy boots. (Not necessarily together!)', u'Living on campus provides a great way to get connected, make friends and learn the value of patience. While the dorm rooms may not be anything special the community they provide is noteworthy.', u'Athletics are a big part of college, especially for those who choose not to pursue their high school sport or are not give the opportunity to. Inter murals are a great way to make friends and learn new skills and the rec makes it possible!', u"The local atmosphere is terrific. There are unique restaurants, fun stores and it's near the flint hills so natures beauty is easily accessible.", u"Everything is close together an easily accessible. The neighbor hoods are safe because it's not just a college town, families live there. Parking isn't expensive on campus but it isn't free which is kind of a bummer. The cost is generally reasonable and of my friends I have yet to hear of a bad landlord story!", u'Greek life is great if that is what you want to do. I chose not to but it is not necessary to the social experience if you work to make friends.', u'There are lots of nice people, but there are differences as students of different races do not mix much.', u'The cost on campus is not too expensive, except the overpriced gas stations. Kansas is cheap living and there is no need for transportation. I walk everywhere, although some people do bike!', u'The weather varies. It can be warm one day and cold the next, but you get used to it. Just be prepared for windy days and varying weather conditions!', u'If I was a senior graduating right now I would choose K-State again. I am thankful that I had the chance to live in the Residence Halls as that is how I was able to make all my friends and got me involved on campus and with organizations.', u"There are computer labs on campus that are readily available. With that being said teachers do assign a lot of online homework and require you to use a computer. If you were to want to do homework at home a laptop is a must. They are not necessary to bring to lectures though as many teachers prefer you don't.", u'It is a small town where everyone is friendly but there are still tons of students. It is hard to explain how this big college has such a small town feel.', u'As long as you are friendly and work on making connections you wont find yourself bored on a Friday night. There are also always events hosted by the K-state Union every Friday night that you can bring friends to and are for free!', u'The proffessors are good the curriculum could be more difficult but I am not in the honors program. Workload is substantial but not overwhelming. There are tons of tutoring options and help sessions so anyone who puts for effort and works hard can be successful.', u'Business has lots of opportunities and begin the foundations for them in General Business 110. If you want to be successful all you have to do is get involved. My first year the workload was not overwhelming but still challenged me. Facilities are good but could be improved. I have yet to desire an internship but will begin searching next year. There are lots of campus jobs as I have 2 of them!', u'I feel safe on campus and often walk alone at night to and from my dormitory to the library (a 10 min walk). I should consider my safety more often but instances rarely occur.', u"It's obvious that the Ag Department is draw to K-State. As well as, Vet Med.", u"I love my majors (Journalism and Spanish). It is slightly frustrating that I can't enroll in some of my JMC classes because there is only one section of the class due to the lack of professors (so I heard).", u"To be honest, I don't know much about the alcohol/drug use on campus.", u"Coming from a larger city to a smaller city (like Manhattan) I feel like there isn't as much to do. Being a Lawrence native, I lived conveniently, between Topeka and Kansas City. Those places are easily accessible any day of the week. In Manhattan, the closest larger city is Topeka and still...that's almost an hour away. Kinda sucks.", u"When I first arrived. I heard about a rapist and don't walk alone on campus. That made me feel somewhat unsafe and scared.", u'There is more diversity at K-State than I thought. There are quite a bit of Asian-Americans, African-Americans, and Latin-Americans on campus. Along with the country crowd.', u'K-State is a great place to be! The people is one big reason why I chose to come here. They are always so warm and welcoming!', u"I LOVE THE REC! It's a great renovation for students. Of course, football is popular. As well as, basketball and I guess baseball. I don't know, my heart will always be with my Jayhawks. Rock Chalk!", u"It's okay... since I don't live in the dorms, I feel that a lot of this is irrelevant.", u"I'm from Lawrence, KS where we have a good variety of cuisines. I don't see that so much in Manhattan, but maybe it's because I don't know my way around as well as I do Lawrence. Rock Chalk!", u"Computers pretty applicable on campus. When it comes to technology, I went in to buy Adobe Creative Suite, hoping I'd get a discount, nope...not a penny. Other than that, it's pretty good.", u"When I first applied to K-State, the Financial Aid Department told me I hadn't received any aid (as an incoming freshman). So, I had to call them and practically beg them for a scholarship I deserved. A major reason I chose K-State is because I earned more scholarships. It was just kind of frustrating, but I eventually received my money.", u"There are many Greek options on campus, formal and unformal. I feel that it's a good mix. Of course there are those really rude/ignorant sorority girls and cocky fraternity boys, you just learn to ignore and get over them.", u"It's Kansas, anything is possible when it comes to the weather. I've lived here my entire life...I'm used to it.", u"It's OK. I just wish there were more open and free lots on campus for student parking.", u"The computers at the university have a mix between apple and window. This allows those that normally use one kind of computer to not be stipulated from using a computer type they are not accustomed to. The hardware speed is average as there is a high security usage from the university's IT department.", u'The academics at the university have been raising their standards and reaching limits, as the university is receiving more funds from companies and private donations than a dependency on the government.', u'There is hardly any review about the possession of paraphernalia and the usage of alcohol from the students is safer than a bar.', u'I receive the aid I need, but nothing in the form of scholarships. I am an average minded, white, girl, and I am having trouble receiving many scholarships from the school.', u'There are many options for those looking to spend a lot or a little on off-campus housing.', u'There is access to wireless internet almost everywhere on campus, but the network is less than reliable.', u'In Aggiville there are many places that are locally labeled a "must go," and they are all really good!', u'On-campus, the drug policy is enforced, but it is harder to do so off-campus.', u"If it's cold, getting to and from class is horrible.", u'If its game day, everyone in Manhattan seems to stop what their doing to enjoy the game!', u'I just joined the Art program, so I am unsure of what special aspects the program offers.', u'I am a non Greek and I often get crap for it from my Greek friends. Greeks are very involved on campus, and seem like a lot of fun, but I am very content not being a member of one.', u'Having to check everyone in at the dorms after 9 at night got annoying, but it did make me feel safer.', u'I have a lot of friends who went Greek so I often would be at their houses on the weekends. Too young for the bar scene for now, but my older friends really enjoy it!', u'I had a lot of fun living in the on-campus housing. The community is friendly and fun, and the food it not too bad either.', u'So far I have only had one, unpaid internship. I really enjoyed it, but in the future it would be nice to get paid because of the amount of time I devoted to the program.', u'I am just transferring to the Art department at my university, but my counselor so far has been nothing but helpful and I am very excited to start my classes!', u"it's very easy. just talk to your advisor and they will help you out. they are all very nice.", u"The night life is usually quite boring unless you're drinking. during the day there are lots of outdoor activities that anyone can participate in.", u'For a city of 50,000, there is great variety of eateries. Besides the usual fast food restaurants, there are many local restaurants that offer foods from all around the world.', u'The vast majority of students are white. There is a decent Asian population and an increasing Arab population. There are not any real racial conflicts.', u"Though I'm a male, I have never felt afraid to walk alone at night. I'm frequently on campus past 2am and have never been even remotely afraid of any trouble.", u'This college offers many sports. Nearly everyone knows a sports player and is seen as an equal.', u'I hate Kansas weather. One day snow, the next day, sun. It changes all the time and unfortunately it encourages students to miss class, especially when its snowy, rainy, and cold.', u"It's great, well for a student. If you want it, you can get it. If not, then you are not pressured to drink or do drugs.", u"The have many rules in the dorms and campus, but overall every rule can be broken someway. I've seen underage drinking, alcohol in rooms, and drugs among students. Its a college, not middle school. If caught there are serious consequences, so be careful!", u'Some majors at KSU are amazing, others are okay. Honestly, it depends on who you get for your adviser.', u'I am a student paying all on my own without parental help, so it has been somewhat difficult to get the money I need. I am forced to work part-time during full-time semesters.', u'I am not apart of the Greek community, but my friends are. They love it and have amazing experiences.', u'The Lafene Health Center is pretty good. I liked the doctors, nurses and reception are not the best. Walk ins are welcome.', u'Manhattan offers a few things for college students: discount movies, Aggieville bars and shopping, bowling, parks, and more. It is a small city, but college students are always out and about which makes it a great social environment.', u'Prepare for cold winters and hot summers. Fall and Spring are wet, but the temperature is always wonderful (40-75 degrees F). Keep a water bottle with you everywhere you go too; the air is dry, and you are going to be thirsty often.', u'The engineering lab computers are dual screen and loaded with cad software, programing software, and are connected to an exceptionally fast networking system. Availability fluctuates with the time of day: morning-you can count it, afternoon-you may have to prowl around for a while before finding a computer, evening-still tough to get hands on a computer, late night- as long as it is not midterms week or dead week you should be fine. If the labs are full, then head over to Hale Library and you have approximately a 70% shot at finding a computer to use.', u'There are multiple computer labs available as well as a printer/copy center. Internet is okay, but seems standard to the whole surrounding area. The school gives you $10 every semester for printing costs.', u'There is city public transportation nearby (a bus) and if you do not own your own bicycle, there are many bicycle rental shops. There is a free shuttle available if you have been drinking/partying and need a ride home.', u'I have not encountered any situations personally where any campus policies would be enforced upon me, but I do know they taking parking and driving seriously! Those $150 fines for texting/looking at your phone/using your phone while driving are nasty!', u"While a majority of the student body is white, there is an astoundingly large population of international students as well. It's very easy to meet people from all over the world!\n\nFrom what I've experienced, everyone is very accepting of each other.", u"Getting into the Journalism school at K-State is actually a very simple program. You'll need to have at least 30 credits completed, 12 need to be at K-State itself, take the intro to mass communications course (it's very simple), pass the CST exam with a 70% or better (It's an exam of English language/grammar understanding), and have at least a 2.5 GPA.", u"The Journalism school at K-State is wonderful. While the facilities are fairly rundown and it always seems like some piece of technology isn't working (a broken printer, usually), it is still a very cozy environment.", u'There are a variety of chain and local eateries. Most do not have student discounts, or if they do, they are not generally advertised. The city, Manhattan, around campus is very bicycle and pedestrian friendly, making it easy to get around.', u'I am non-Greek. I have a few friends in frats/sororities, and they are great people!', u'There is tons of financial aid. The financial aid office is very helpful in getting federal/state funds and work-study is great here.', u'There are a lot of options based on how close you want to be to campus, how many roommates you want, and how much you want to pay.', u'We have everything, from a blizzard to a wind storm to a hail storm to a perfect day, in one week.', u'Printing is sometimes a struggle from 10:00am-2:00pm.', u'We have a lot of decent places to eat, especially in Aggieville. We have some high-end places as well as fast food options.', u'K-State is strict in the right ways! I definitely feel safe and respected on campus, but still free enough not to worry about constantly being in trouble.', u'I live in the Living Communities as dorm overflow, and it is great. I have a lot of freedom and a full kitchen (which is amazing)! We are further away from campus than the rest of campus housing.', u'Especially if you are here for agriculture, veterinary medicine, or grain science, K-State is the best!!', u'The RAs are great for helping students who are sick because they have had too much to drink. Plus, we all complete Alcohol Edu before/during our freshman year.', u'There are a lot of opportunities to get involved in research, and the faculty of the Psychological Sciences Department rock!', u'Manhattan is certainly a small town, without a lot to do off campus, but we do have Aggieville, sports, and the Manhattan zoo.', u'My school has an amazing Rec Center that is great for everyone on campus. People love getting involved in intramural athletics and their torments. The football games are a huge event for everyone on campus. EMAW!!', u'We have very high school spirit and the alumni are very supportive. The sports team usually have winning season and have great facilities', u'There are many options and most offer students discounts', u'There is not much drug use at the school and most of the drinking is people of legal age', u'I do not live in the dorms but all of my friends who do have had a positive experience', u'I love my college and the faculty and staff are very helpful. The curriculum is very easy to follow and the requirements are well known.', u'I have not had any issues with the school regarding policy or code of conduct', u'I have had no problems getting financial aid until this semester', u'If it is too cold or too hot I try to get a ride to campus instead of walking to campus', u'There is a wide selection of off campus housing and most is affordable with room mates', u'If you work hard to find your academic niche, K-State will work well for you.', u'Centers are easily accessible and helpful.', u'Pretty standard for a state university.', u'The process is long, but understandable, and you often receive aid.', u'Mostly centers around Greek Life and binge drinking.', u'Pretty standard for a state university.', u'K-State basketball and football are huge parts of the social community.', u'Pretty standard for a state university.', u'It can be very easy to find quality options, as long as you start the process early. Housing fills up quickly.', u'The diversity of the Kansas climate can make it difficult to dress appropriately, depending on the time of year.', u'I have not noticed any drugs on campus since i have been here', u'THe winters are really harsh but the rest of the year it is pretty great.', u"I haven't needed the police but i have noticed their presence", u'I have some friends in frats and sororities and they are pretty cool but occasionally I do hear about frats being rude towards non frats and such', u'It is pretty easy to get away with a lot of things in the dorms but if you get caught you do get a punishment fitting for the crime', u"I love being on campus. My roommate didn't turn out that great but I got to know so good people and am going to be moving in with them next year. The classes are close to the dorms on campus so it isn't too far to walk anywhere.", u'It takes a lot of time but just look for it.', u'Diverse but not to diverse', u'Fake Patties day is a great time.', u'The dorm life is a good time. You meet a lot of new people.', u'Lots of great places to eat on and off campus.', u'It takes allot of forms but you get what you need.', u'Kansas State is very strict on everything.', u"Parting happens allot at K-State, but i don't see any drug use.", u'Love the atmosphere here around sporting events.', u'Never had any problems on or off campus', u'The parking is probable the number one problem.', u'There need to be police walking around or monitoring later in the evening after some students have taken tests. They are very efficient in pulling people over, but there needs to be more on and off campus patrolling', u'Financial aid is always a long process, and stressful.', u'Not sure. Have my own means of transportation.', u'Academics the campus is fairly strict, but when it comes to social life the campus tries to stay out of it.', u'School spirit, fan support, and everything else sports related is pretty phenomenal.', u'Greeks seem to dominant the school. I have noticed anyone being treated differently for not being apart of Greek life, but I have noticed people in Greek life secretly make fun of the non-Greek', u"I've never noticed the use of any drugs, but it is very noticeable to see all the alcohol consumption. Dorms have a no alcohol policy, but it is never really enforced.", u"There haven't been really any difficulties with my program, the only issue was finally deciding on which one I should chose.", u"There haven't been really any difficulties with my program, the only issue was finally deciding on which one I should chose.", u"There isn't much availability on housing or apartments, also most are a bit of a hike to get to campus.", u"Kansas weather usually ruins the experience of walking to class. One second its hot and the next it's freezing.", u'Not much of a nightlifer, but the transportation for what I hear could be improved.', u'Dorms are small, but I did enjoy having a bathroom that I only shared with my roommates. The cost of living is a bit extreme, but the location to the classrooms as well as dining is ideal.', u"There isn't a lot of variety to nightlife and weekend activities. There isn't too much to do around here. There are some fun attractions such as the zoo and some of the parks. Shopping could be improved, but it is better than nothing. I usually feel pretty safe around here, I still would never walk around at night alone. Security could be increased around here especially at evenings after tests.", u'The computers are usually work well. There are a few issues of the mouse not working on some of the computer. Also when it is time for a final there seem to be no computer available.', u"I had my first internship last summer. It didn't pay well but they provided housing. Getting the experience was totally worth it! I learned a lot and made connections with people from all over the country. I have another internship this summer that provides housing and pays that I'm looking forward to!", u"I am in the theatre program here at K-State. It is easy to get involved and some of the professors/instructors are fantastic. I've reached the point where they are my friends more than my teachers. You get to work with them on projects and there is always something going on. Rehearsals for shows are in the evenings which can cut into employment opportunities, a social life, and time for homework.", u'The whole town is purple all year long. School spirit is found all over town.', u'There is a nice variety of restaurants/bars in Aggieville. We have a group that eats somewhere different every Friday.', u"They're trying to improve the shuttle bus system on campus. Not many people use it unless they live in Jardine, the on-campus apartments. It's easier just to walk places and if it's to far away, just drive or find a friend with a car.", u"If you want to drink you can, but if not that's okay too. Drinking and driving is never okay, but it's easy to walk to Aggieville and most parties.", u'I used the student health center for the first time last week and it was okay. The nurses and doctor I interacted with were nice, but the pharmacy caused me huge problems.', u'I have the feeling like I am home. I can ride my bike around town and even have a stop light that responds when I wait at the stop light. If I decide to party it is one block from the university and their is a bus provide at night for a safe return home.', u'The university has a great amount of academics to choose from along with the option to attend class with a student, which allows the visitor to feel as if they already attend there. In addition, the university is gaining popularity as one of the top 50 public universities in the USA.', u'There are a few restaurants of different nationalities, but the city is still undergoing expansion.', u'The university has allowed itself to be diversified from all different nationalities. Every year, it seems that a new group of people enter the university for higher education. Plus it is great to experience another culture.', u'The university has allowed many clubs to be formed as well as provide funding options for events to provide fun or an educational experience. The security it present around campus and not like a bug trying to enter your ear.', u'Lived in dorms for a year, great way to meet people', u'great in the morning when I want to get to campus.', u'No major issues, people seem to be accepting.', u'The Kansas weather overall has been a hassle.', u'Has the resources I need for the career I want.', u'No major difficulties. Everything went smooth.', u'Has the major I want and I enjoy all classes.', u'I feel safe walking around campus when alone.', u'Nothing to complain about, very efficient.', u'Standard strictness. It is understandable.', u'Small town with a great personality.', u'Although you dont have the chance to really connect with other people other than you roommates you still have the opportunity to feel like your right at home', u'I have not had an internship but I heard that the faculty at KSU are great at helping you find them', u'Kansas state univerisity is mainly a school for agriculture and along with my major (animal science and industry) its a great fit', u'You have great internet if you live in the k-state owned apartments (Jardine apartments) but the dorms are ok.', u'Kansas weather is very stressful. One day it could be snowing the next it could be 65 degrees outside.', u'You have to either have a job to afford bus tickets or plane tickets or have enough friends from where you are form in order to get a ride home as long as you chip in gas money.', u'We have plenty of choices for intramural sports. Even for the less noticed sports like Foosball, table tennis, boxing', u'There are plenty of foreigners to become friends with. There are alot of clubs to join to learn about different cultures.', u'They have alot of places to go to find you rfaivorite food. whether it be tacos. burger or icecream', u'As long as you do what your supposed to do and be respectful to the law of this school then you wont get into trouble.', u'I am very happy. I just want to get done. I think I can find a job', u'It was easy. Just apply to the university and college.', u'some RAs are mean about alot of things, but thats their personality so just avoid the mean RAs', u'you have to be willing to try the local restaurants!!', u'its the middle on kansas so of course we have alot of conservative christians... its to be expected', u'the classes are challenging but the teachers are always willing to help', u'Greek life here on campus is great. It gives an opportunity for people to get involved in things they like.', u"Off campus food options are kind of redundant and don't offer much quality.", u'The wifi on campus is great. The computers connected to the network are very fast and reliable.', u'The academics here at K-State Salina are pretty good.', u'Our financial aid adviser is not willing to help look up personal scholarships for students. (K-State Salina)', u'K-State Salina is not the main campus and you can definitely tell. I would rather live there any day.', u'K-State Salina does not have one of these, but the one on Manhattan is not bad!', u'Campus housing is usually pretty good, but it is definitely too expensive.', u'K-State Salina is very diverse. Since it is the school of aviation and technology , people from all over the world come to learn to fly.', u'The off campus housing selections are hard to judge.', u'Athletics are a huge part of the K-State atmosphere, EMAW!', u'Coming from New York, I am a student who is used to and loves diversity. Although I love my school here, it is not a great cultural mix. A high percentage of the student body is white, middle-class, and Christian.', u'Here at Kansas State University, we only have one shuttle system that can be used campus wide. It runs on a route that does not cover all of campus, but runs on a reliable schedule. Because of this reason, most students ride bikes or drive cars.', u'Could use some more diverse things.', u'I wish I had more help from my advisor.', u'Snow and heat rarely affect me.', u"It doesn't affect very many.", u'Could have more variety for different ethnic groups and taste in music', u'Uh just like a small town.', u'This school keeps students safe while still letting us grow into our adult lives and learn to be responsible.', u'Could use a campus bus system.', u'A lot of underage and drinking and drug use.', u'I need more money, it is so stressful. I want to continue attending Kansas State but I do not want to bury myself in debt.', u"I think our campus strictness is at a great level of lenient enough so we can have fun, but strict enough to where we aren't going to go too crazy.", u"It's Kansas. You can expect every season in 1 single day.", u'A lot of bad things have been happening lately, but the goods definitely outweigh the bad', u'The off campus housing is pretty expensive', u'Some local places are amazing, plus AGGIEVILLE', u"Loads of people are involved in greek life but they aren't the usual jerks of greeks", u'Its great to have the diversity we have on campus. Its just the right amount of diversity.', u'The tech support is helpful and the entire campus is wireless', u'Very close to classes and great people!', u"I haven't used it much but a lot of students find it helpful.", u'Aggieville is about it. Besides that a boring city', u'I moved into a greek house after living one semester in the dorms. My house is really old but has a lot of character. Greek life housing has given me a lot of opportunities for leadership. Greek life kind of dominates social parties on the weekends; if not greek you will find yourself looking for fun. Greek life is given fun to you.', u'I currently live in a fraternity house behind Aggieville, and the location is perfect. It is cheaper than dorm options, and offer more opportunities to grow yourself. Off campus living was the best option I could have done this year.', u"The best parties here our Greek Life, kind of biased, but there are great GDI parties if you choose to go that route. Lot of beer is here, but I'm not country. On that note, Dirty Dawgs is a good option for dancing and a nonalcoholic option.", u"I am trying to concentrate on my school work so I try to avoid the party's .", u'I participate in a lot of intramural sports . Our rec center is fantastic!', u"I have my own laptop, so I don't use the schools very often.", u'The students are given all sorts of informations on how to contact their school and professors. Their professors usually explain ways on getting tutored on subjects that they need extra help in. Other information they want to look for they can just look on the K-State homepage.', u'My favorite spots to eat off campus is the local asian restaurants and chipotle. However, I mostly eat at home with my family.', u"During the winter we have a lot of snow especially right now, due to a snow storm the campus has been closed for two days. However, overall the weather hasn't affected the campus to much.", u'Kansas State Universities Library has at least four levels and each level has a number of computers that students either use to finish assignments/projects/online quizzes. Others use it for personal uses or research, for me I use the computers to print my papers. Printing is only $0.10 per paper, students can use their student ID cards to pay. As for the wireless connection on campus for your laptop, all the class rooms have it though some of them are weak connections.', u'Kansas State University is known to have many students with different personal, economic and social backgrounds. Many students on this campus are accepting of these diversities, we all get along with each other even if we are different in a way. I like how open students are with their sexual orientation and beliefs, because they are not judged by others. All the students treat each other the way they would like to be treated back.', u'Aggieville has so many places I go all in one area', u'I love manhattan. Kansas is definitely better than everyone thinks it to be', u'Teachers want to help and there are lots of opportunities to get help and tutoring', u'Kansas weather is bipolar. It can go from 50 degrees and sunny to 30 and snowing in one day', u'I love swing dancing at dirty dawgs!', u'From what I had seen houses and apartments off campus are pretty nice!', u"It's college they want you to learn from mistakes so they don't make you do too much other than what is best for the safety of everyone else", u'Have not had an internship but accessibility to finding jobs and companies that are hiring is great.', u'Workload is large but the classes in the major are super interesting but pre requisites are not my favorite.', u'Campus is small so getting around is easy on foot and by bike. The shuttle is also available for getting to the dining halls from apartments and can make it easier and quicker to get from one side of campus to the other.', u'Computers are available but having your own is easier. Wireless is pretty good a little slow in the dorms but by bad for how many people are using it.', u'A fair amount of diversity', u'Not the greatest but still pretty good', u'there are plenty of scholarships but you have to be pretty unique to apply', u"it's Kansas so you can expect freezing winters and blazing hot summers.", u'lots of variety and options', u"Many students participate in drinking. I'm not sure of the drug scene. Manhattan and KSU provide DD drivers that you can call at anytime to take you home.", u"I use my own vehicle so I don't know a lot on this topic. :(", u'I live in a wonderful and friendly residence hall (Haymaker). We really all become family and I love how everyone is so open and willing to help.', u'They have very new and updated computers and technology.', u"I live on-campus so I don't know much about it. I do know that you would probably have to be a full time worker to be able to afford to live off-campus.", u'I know it is very expensive and that you pay monthly to basically just have a title. You also have to have a pretty high GPA to stay in the sorority or fraternity.', u'In Manhattan there is a good variety of local hangouts, bars, restaurants and clubs.', u'park is cheap compared to other schools', u'Program is very geared towards young professional and growth.', u'Small with limited options... while there is enough to keep you interested,,, but all small restaurants and when they are busy they are impossible to get into.', u'Other ways to get involved without going greek.', u'One of the best Engineering Departments around.', u'Easily accessible. Right next to campus.', u'Not too strict other than on Parking and Honor code.', u'Many bus stops along campus. Everything else is within walking distance.', u"Not personally too interested in relationships, but it seems like it's good.", u'Very valued at this school', u'Many different people, only not in my field of study', u'Many good scholarships available, but a lot of hastle to obtain and apply', u"It's not the best Wi-Fi.", u'Only the Caucasian greeks have housing and the African American greeks do not.', u'Variety of options but not late at night.', u'My major is Graphic DESIGN and should be in the DESIGN Department along with interior DESIGN and product DESIGN, but sadly it is in the Art Department. The program is fairly difficult to get into. You must take two years of general art classes and then you can apply to get into your program and you might not make it. In that case you can either reapply once more or find a new major. For Graphic Design this means that you getting into your major is based entirely on general art classes and not on any GRAPHIC art.', u'My FASFA had issues and was sent to the botto of the stack, I received the least amount of aid possible... The are very few scholarships.', u'There is none unless you drive a car, but most things are within walking distance.', u'Not very strict on most things, but if you make the wrong person mad they can overreact. We have a rule that if you are in the presence of a violation that you are also responsible and it is sometimes unfair.', u'Okay but boring. Typical small town.', u'The building and furnishings are very old. The community bathrooms have many issues including clogged drains and only one hand dryer.', u'There is seasonal ice skating, bowling, Swing Dancing clubs, but other than that the town is pretty boring.', u'Its for safety. They give out a lot of parking tickets!', u'Its good hard to find housing close to campus', u'There are tons of different people.', u'There are plenty of places to eat and hang out with friends!', u"It's not mom's cooking, but it sure is good!", u'There is a wide variety of people on campus.', u'Greek life is seen all over the campus. There are some professional fraternities endorsed by the colleges.', u"Kansas weather is great, you won't get bored of the same weather everyday.", u"Many of my friends drive and they rarely complain. Only about spots, but it's fine.", u'It is literally the best thing that has happened to me, and I wish to continue to attend!', u'You barely see anyone taking part in drug activities. You rarely see smokers on campus, but you may hear about parties that have alcohol available.', u'The tech team at this campus does work very hard to keep the network up and running. They are also available most of the time for help. There are loads of computer labs as well as campus wide wi-fi. Most if not all students have personal computers that they use.', u"Aggieville is supposed to be the best place and makes this college town come alive. I have personally never gone because I'm not 21.", u"I love my major, Computer and Information Sciences, because it's taught so well and there is plenty of available help!", u'There are not many options for me right now. Professors do email students that are interested in scholarship opportunities and such.', u'Aggieville is a sort of downtown area filled with bars and stores that K-State is well-known for.', u'My sister lives in a house with three other girls off-campus, and it is a cute place. With roommates, housing can be affordable.', u"K-State really is a great school. I'm in the marching band, and the experience has been absolutely unreal.", u'Manhattan could be described as a large town; there are few confusing roadways and urbanized sections, and people are generally friendly.', u'not old enough for a bar but night life. There are parties and transportation when needed.', u"I love my school and again the most favorite thing is even if it is a somewhat big school it has that small town feel. that's what I like most about it.", u'mostly walk to everything on campus unless at night or bad weather. Most everything is pretty close to walk to so far for classes I have taken.', u'my mom and I worked hard together to get financial aid. It was time consuming and had trouble getting the information thru fasfa to school. I did get several scholarships in high school and from K-state.', u"no issues that I have seen where people don't associate you if you are greek.", u'most everyone is accepting as I have not seen any discrimination with my own eyes', u'love hanging out on campus and my dorm. love being involved in sorority a and all hangouts are great. Again small town feel every where.', u'jobs on campus are great because they are willing to work with you when you have exams. Our campus is big but it has a small town feel which I love. I love the sport venues and enjoy going to these events. We have great school spirit.', u'for the most part we have always have wifi and speed is fine. On occasion there are some issues but usually fixable', u'Love the atmosphere and campus overall.', u'for the most part we are treated as adults', u'I would like more variety and healthier options.', u"I don't see a huge party scene but know there are parties. Being in a sorority you have to be pretty responsible so I try not to take part in this activity but have in the past, only drinking on occasion", u'my dorm is fairly close to all of the buildings I go to. It can be yucky to have to walk in the bad weather.', u'Plenty of places to study and go to the library quite often.', u"My work load can be stressful but it is challenging. I would like to look for a job if I could manage. I sometimes have trouble focusing so it's harder for me to study.", u'I feel safe most of the time on campus and will not walk alone but in groups. If I have to go to a night class I may drive and have gotten several tickets because I did not want to walk alone. They really should allow kids to drive to a night class in this day and age without giving tickets.', u'i have a variety of friends whether its there personalities ethnic backgrounds or sexual orientation.', u'Most of my profesors are really nice and care for the students.', u'The curriculum is set up nicely and easy to follow and know what you are suppose to be taking.', u'i love the college of business there are a lot of great opportunities and the faculty and staff are very helpful and friendly.', u'im not in greek life but have friends who are but im only friends with them because they are unique and not follow the flow of there greek members. i do see alot of guys/girls who do things just because everyone else is doing it so that they fit in.', u'The worst thing are the prices. There are not a whole lot of landlords to choose from so they know they can raise prices on apartments etc. Also its a college town so that also makes it easy for them to raise prices because they know we students will pay to live off campus because we love our freedom.', u'i have a car of my own so i dont really now how the transportation is really like.', u'A lot of places are closed during school breaks so we dont have many options to eat a different variety of foods. They are never open late.', u'Its cold some times but then again its Kansas the weather is so unpredictable.', u'In the beginning i would have done things differently', u"The process with the university is easy. However, if you have outside scholarships, they can try and manipulate your decision or not go straight to the answer. Not bad, but it seems they have always been on auto-pilot than listening to the customer's request.", u'When I compare the universities I attend, whether for school or conferences, I have this feeling of welcome as if it is home.', u'There has not been many issues against crime on campus. There has been a few events this past year at my university, but nothing for a global pandemic.', u'The university provides transportation to reduce drunk driving and provide safe travels to your destinations. There are plenty of options to choose if you want fun or comfort. Other students do plan party nights, but are cautious about the legal drinking age.', u'Jardine is school affiliated, but upperclassmen or married students live there mostly. There are apartment complexes close, prices range from $600-$900 a month for 1 bedroom.', u"Permits are expensive, on campus or off. The parking lots are large, but none of them are close to central campus. Tickets are expensive so don't park where you shouldn't. You really don't need a car if you live on campus, but the apartments close to campus expensive.", u'The local buses run for free on campus, as well as safe ride for the weekends to prevent intoxicated driving.', u'Im really only in the one department I major in, but we all dress nicely, are active socially but tend not to date each other.', u'The entire music department is like a family; everyone knows everyone and everybody is always willing to lend a helping hand if you need it.', u'I am a music major, so the admission process was different for me. There are auditions involved for every studio, and each one requires different things so check and make sure to get your name in early.', u'Student academics on KSU is checked on by their advisors, and more than likely other teachers to make sure they are on track.', u'Start early and be persistent! Its difficult to keep everything organized', u'Its very rare to hear about any drug use because its virtually nonexistent on campus', u'I loved the food at the dining centers when I lived on campus. There was always a great variety of healthy options. The hours could be better on weekends.', u'Most people are conservative and a large population of our campus is white. We do have an LGBT resource center.', u"We're in Kansas, so weather varies a lot every day. Be prepared to walk to class in all temperatures. Campus will close occasionally due to snow. There are designated tornado areas around campus for shelter in case of a storm.", u"Keep your GPA up and apply for scholarships every year and you'll probably get something, but it may not be much. It's important to apply for scholarships from the university and your academic department - they're different applications. Chances are it won't pay for everything, but it'll help.", u"Football games are really fun to attend, especially in the student section. I've attended football, men's basketball, women's basketball, volleyball, baseball, and equestrian. You get in free to most sporting events with your student id (just not football and men's basketball, but those tickets are discounted for students).", u"Wi-fi is spotty all over campus. In some buildings it's really fast and in others I don't have any service. It's a constant battle. Everyone owns their own laptop.", u"This is my first year living off campus and I'm only a couple blocks away from campus. It's nice because I don't have to drive to class. I prefer living on campus.", u'If you live far from campus, have fun getting up extra early to attempt to find a parking spot. They fill up extremely quickly and lots are not especially close to buildings. If you park without a permit or in the wrong area, you WILL get a ticket.', u'Academics are fantastic considering the cost of tuition. Graduates of the College of Engineering are essentially guaranteed jobs, Veterinary School and College of Architecture are nationally ranked. Campus activities are adequate, but overall culture of the town is minimal.', u'The campus is beautiful, Kansas limestone covers all the buildings. Both the student union and rec center have been updated recently. Aggiville is 3 minutes walk from campus and full of bars, restaurants, shopping and coffee.', u'Small town, happy people, but not much to do other than college sports games and local bars.', u'Great way to meet friends freshman year, but it is overpriced and administration is disorganized. I would not recommend living in residence halls more than one year.', u'Officers are seen often patrolling in vehicles, but rarely are seen walking about campus.', u'I lived on campus my first two years and loved it. I was an RA during the second year, so I know a lot about housing and dining. Compared to other universities, we have amazing residence halls. I like Kramer complex the best. It has both suites and community style living, and I recommend community style living. Each wing has a shared bathroom which is cleaned every weekday. You make friends while living on campus and there is always something going on and/or people available to hang out with. Cluster floors are nice for people studying within the same area.', u'We have a parking garage right by the union but it normally fills up pretty fast. If you have a morning class, driving to campus is easy and there are still plenty of open spots. If you park somewhere not allowed by your permit. You will get a ticket though guaranteed. Personally I walk to campus.', u"I'm not involved in Greek life, but I know people that are. You are required to live in house your sophomore year and most people that are involved really enjoy it, but it isn't my thing. There are a lot of fees involved.", u'The guys and girls at my school really vary between social groups.', u"Campus is really strict about drug usage (especially in residence halls). If you park in the wrong place, you will get a ticket. Other than that, it isn't to strict. You can have visitors in the residence halls at any time.", u'Housing works with you to improve your experience. I never had a problem when I lived there.', u'Depending on which permit you get, parking can be pretty hassle-free. The freshman parking is pretty crowded all the time. Other lots are sometimes impossible to find a spot during normal hours, but others are fine. There are plenty of options for all permits other than freshman permits, but you may have to park a little far from class.', u"There are plenty of computer labs. The dorm internet can be a little shotty, but it's enough for necessities.", u"Not all facilities are brand new, but they're more than adequate.", u"Campus is beautiful. There's plenty of benches, trees, and soft places on the lawn. The library is huge and a common meeting point for students. The union is a great place to hang out as well. It's got pool tables and bowling. There are many events to go to other than sports.", u"For the dining complexes on campus, you have to be living in the dorms and buy a meal plan at the beginning of the year. Other than that, there's only the student union with about 10 restaurants and a coffee shop.", u'The department gives you a lot of opportunities for scholarships. They also alert you of applicable outside scholarships.', u"Getting around town isn't a problem, but Manhattan is pretty remote. Unless you know someone to give you a ride, it's difficult to get out of town without a car of your own.", u"I've wanted to come to K-State starting at age 8. It's everything I thought it would be and more.", u'You just feel at home in Manhattan.', u'There are many options and all of the professors are great at what they do.', u'The Animal Science department is the best on campus. All of the staff and professors are very helpful and you can tell that their main interest is your success. Although the facilities may not be brand new, like the Leadership Building, they are still adequate.', u"I don't go to many sports, but I hear good things about the programs here.", u"There's a lot of trees to block some of the rain. The policies about severe weather are strict and very helpful. While the wind may get a little strong, there are plenty of buildings to help block it out. Plus, the campus is relatively small and not spread out like other Kansas colleges.", u"It's a pretty safe place. Walking alone is nothing to worry about during the day, but it is a little frightening at night because of a recent spike in crime on/near campus. We do have escort services, though. I believe K-State is doing everything it can.", u'When people talk about Greeks they typically mention the parties', u'There are very few shuttles or mass transit on campus, however the few we have are free.', u"KSU is very accepting and the dorm floors are, for the most part, very accepting of peoples' different life styles.", u'The need for a car on campus is nonexistent. The only way a car is needed is if you would want to leave Manhattan otherwise everything else is within walking distance.', u'The social life at KSU are very vibrant and always fun to participate in.', u'The sporting events are amazing, and are definitely fan driven. Coach Bill Snyder definitely takes a lot of pride in his team.', u'The dorms are quite nice. The community in the dorms is fantastic and there is a brilliant floor camaraderie.', u'Transfer credit is not widely accepted at KSU. It may take some persistence to get financial aid, but it is possible.', u"It's definitely interesting. It's typical Kansas weather, so you can experience all 4 seasons in one day. It can be a very fun experience though.", u'It is by far one of the most friendly places I have been to. It was recently rated one of the top 10 most friendly campuses in the US.', u'The campus library is amazing, it is large with many areas dedicated to study, it also has many computers and printers for all students.', u'They have security cameras posted around campus. There are help phones placed around campus if something goes wrong. The campus pathways are well lit.', u'I would say that the most lenient area is class attendance since there are some instructors that do not take attendance and some that do not care.', u'Some of the intro professors are a bit spotty, but that is to be expected at a large university. However, they still attempt to help students, and there are office hours set up to where students can receive one on one help from the instructor. They also have many tutoring sessions open to all campus students throughout the week, as well as review sessions before major tests.', u'Engineering at KSU a major part of the campus. There are two major career fairs at the college(one in the fall and the other in the spring) , the spring one is strictly for engineers. It is definitely one of the more difficult majors at KSU, but it is also one of the most rewarding. There are great opportunities for KSU engineers. The placement rate in 2013 for graduating seniors was 100%.', u'There are various dining halls that are all positioned closely to the living area of the dorms. The food is well prepared and there are decent hours to dine given. The staff is also very friendly.', u'The campus dining selection is alright. Although, I have not eaten at the dinning halls, because I do not live on campus. The dinning hall cost is the main reason I chose not to live on campus. It is too expensive for a person who does not eat a whole lot. The student union provides a few options. The cost is about the same cost you would pay going out to eat. Although, they do provide a healthy option with a salad bar, it is more expensive than going to Panda Express. I believe they should offer healthier options at a lower cost.', u'The average cost of an apartment off campus currently costs about $600-$800. Most apartment complexes do not offer one bedroom apartments, and if they do it seems to have very little square footage, with almost the same cost of a two bedroom with apartment, with very little amenities. They do provide one apartment complex that seems very nice, if you do not mind sharing an apartment with several other people. University Crossing provides several amenities, as well as furnished apartments. Also, this complex is extremely close to campus.', u'Kansas State University (KSU) provides a program for business students to increase the knowledge and real world advice. This program is not offered at any other school. They have one of the top rated accounting programs, which is why I chose this school. They also provide an executive mentor program which will really help with connections, and learning what you should be doing.', u'The college of business building is currently a little run down They are working on a new building. The student union looks amazing; it is clean, and large enough for many students. Plus, on the top floor there is a place to read and study when you want to get away from the loud main floor. Also, on the lowest level of the student union they offer a lace for students to have fun, and hang out, the bowling alley. On weekends they provide movies that cost about two dollars to view. The campus is usually kept tidy, and they provide a few recycle bins by the trash cans. The KSU campus provides a great place to learn and have fun.', u"Kansas State University (KSU) does not provide very many options for student transportation. They recommend students own a car or at the very least a bicycle. Although KSU does not provide a transportation system, Riley County provides an bus that will take students on fixed routes to specific stores, like Target and Dillon's. The bus also provides transportation to apartment complexes, like University Crossing. The average cost of taking the bus is one dollar per trip. It seems necessary to own a type of vehicle yourself.", u'Parking kind of sucks. I have to leave my apartment 30 minutes before class to even think about getting a spot, then I usually have to wait for someone to leave.', u'The girls at K-State are awesome! There are so many dimes everywhere you go, and most of them are very friendly and willing to talk to you.', u'K-State is a very diverse campus. Everyone is treated equally.', u'I am extremely happy with my program (Wildlife and Outdoor Enterprise Management). I want to own a five-star hunting and fishing resort, and have no problems finding jobs in my career path.', u"I'm in Wildlife and Outdoor Enterprise Management. It's the only program of its kind in the world and truly unique to K-State. The faculty are great, and I have truly found my calling.", u'The student union is a great place to eat, study, have meetings, and interact with your fellow students and faculty. There is a recreation center (bowling, pool tables, shuffleboard, arcade) downstairs. The campus rec complex was just updated and is absolutely massive, with an indoor rock-climbing wall, and more machines to get in summer shape than you could ever dream of.', u"K-State has awesome facilities. A lot of new buildings, and they are constantly updating the old buildings. There's a lot of history on campus.", u"Manhattan is a great college town. I've lived here my whole life and love the community, the people, and the nightlife!", u'Yes, a million times yes! K-State has a unique family atmosphere that very few schools can come close to.', u"Varsity athletics are a huge deal. but we have one of the best club sport programs in the nation. I am a part of one club sport and joining was the best decision I've made at K-State.", u'Campus dining is awesome! Some of the best dining halls in the country, and our union food court is great as well.', u'Weather is OK here. We get every season and some years are better than others.', u"Of course, when the library is packed, the Internet is going to be deathly slow, but if you stop procrastinating and study, it won't be as big of a deal!", u'Fantastic! The financial aid office is very helpful!', u"Some students use drugs, but the hard stuff isn't as common. Of course, you're going to find it anywhere you go, though.", u'Some things they are way more strict on, but K-State has a very laid back atmosphere.', u'Off-campus dining is fantastic. A great variety of local restaurants, many of which are absolutely delicious!', u"Campus housing is great, but I'd opt for off-campus.", u'K-State is well known for its friendly, and outgoing students.', u'Campus housing is close to most classes, but not a very good value. The facilities have not been updated in years. Student life in the dorms is thriving, however. I have met some of my best friends on my dorm floor, especially my roommate.', u"K-State has the worst wifi known to man. There are some who don't bring their own computers, but it is a hassle to have to go to the library or find a lab to get assignments done.", u"Don't like the weather in Kansas? Wait five minutes.", u'Student life is awesome. Most is centered around sports, but many students spend time at the library or the new recreation center.', u"There are some great new facilities (the union, the rec center), and others that haven't been touched in years and need work.", u'Getting into my program seems easy and I am confident that I will complete the courses in my program with ease.', u'There are safety services and campus police around, but they are rarely seen.', u'Campus administration has a serious thing about the honor code. Other than that most issues they are pretty average about.', u'Awesome food. Especially holiday dinners.', u'I believe because of my achievements in high school I should have been given more money in scholarships.', u'Not involved in Greek life, but it is very prevalent. They are responsible for most of the parties.', u'Average for a college town. Most desirable homes/apartments are by aggieville', u"I've had lots of success with professors and maintaining a comfortable workload.", u'Program is fairly easy freshman and junior year. Even gen eds are aimed specifically at my major, which keeps my interest.', u'K-State is a big family and full of spirit, along with a tradition for academic success. I could not see myself anywhere else.', u"There's free shuttle service on the weekends.", u'Lots of partying and alcohol present. The school provides safe transportation, but does little to prevent students from accessing drugs and alcohol.', u'People come to KState just for the sport atmosphere.', u'Manhattan is mainly known for sports and KState games.', u'Lots of local spots in aggieville but plenty of chains and fast food as well.', u'Professors are very welcoming and accepting, but there are many closed minded conservative students throughout campus.', u"The busses on campus don't run frequently enough to be worthwhile, but if it something that you have to do to get around, it will work, as long as you don't mind waiting. But you should definitely have a car for shopping trips as the on campus convenience stores are outrageously priced and don't have a great selection.", u'When the weather is warmer, campus is gorgeous and really fun to be out and about in. When it gets colder and snowy, though, it has been really hard for me to make myself go to classes. The facilities people do a great job of keeping campus clean and keeping the roads and sidewalks plowed and shoveled, but I feel like I would have done better at a school that stays warm all year if I was able to afford it.', u'The school has a majority of white, higher-income students, with I believe 11% african-americans. Our international student population is higher than all other minorities combined. Most students are white, and it is weird because I came from a very diverse high school.', u'I am not a greek student, however, my roommates both are. As freshman in their first semester, I saw both of them party way more than should be acceptable. I do not understand the concept of greek life, as there are so many requirements. The benefits I have seen from my roommates of being in these sororities is the outrageous parties and the social status, which seems like too much work to be worth it.', u"If you stay away from the bad things, it's easy to have a really safe campus experience. The rules aren't generally enforced unless there is an incident, so it's also easy to break some rules, as long as you aren't stupid about it.", u"The university is so large that it offers so many affordable benefits, including the healthcare and the libraries. The library is my favorite place on campus, it's so big, and pretty!", u'As a freshman, you are required to buy the crappiest parking permit, which leaves you with two different parking lots as your options. For $170, it is crazy that we have to walk so far. These freshman "R" and "Z" lots are so far from anything that it\'s ridiculous to try to drive when on campus. And if you park outside of these lots, it\'s very likely that you will receive a citation within 3 hours of parking there.', u"I don't like being told what kind of anti-virus I have to have to be able to access the wireless network, and the signal can be spotty throughout the campus, but it does the trick. The things that are supposed to be required on campus are there, so I can't complain. One thing I do love is that the newer lecture halls have outlets wired through the desks, so if you are typing notes and your computer is low, it is really convenient to plug it in right there.", u'Since we are allowed to eat at any dining hall on campus as opposed to only the complex you live at, the convenience factor is up, but I do wish it were healthier and better quality.', u'The workload and classes are bearable, but the amount of support from the advisor is just atrocious. I think we definitely need more than ONE academic advisor for the Journalism and mass communications major program.', u'Teachers tend to be a hit and miss. Some professors are great and have years of experience in the field, but I have also had professors who called people stupid and others who said something along the lines of "google it if you don\'t know the answer".', u'The atmosphere is great, but there is a definite divide between the locals and the college students. Locals rarely show up near campus, unless there is a football game. There is an elementary school literally three blocks from campus, which I would be hesitant about letting my children attend.', u'With such a large campus, it can be hard to maintain a high level of safety, but we do have the "Blue Light Poles" which have emergency buttons and will get you campus police assistance within a minute of being pushed, and there are text message alerts every time something bad happens relatively close to campus such as an armed robbery or shooting. Since I am aware of these things, I do feel unsafe walking at night by myself and generally call someone, but the way these things are handled by campus officials is remarkable.', u'The scholarship requirements for ALL undergrad scholarship recipients to keep their academic scholarships state that you must maintain a 3.5 GPA or higher. This is extremely unreasonable, especially for freshman, who are undergoing a process of change as well as more difficult classes.', u"I'm from Kansas so I have a life time of bias to build my opinion from. I hate Kansas weather. When school starts it's hot and begins to cool down. Once October hits it gets colder and it might snow. In November, it will get weirdly warm outside. December will be the coldest.", u"I'm not greek but a lot of my friends are and they love it. There are a lot of different types of greek houses on campus. There is the Panhellenic Council (sororities) and whatever the guys are; but then there is also the National Panhellenic Council which is the african american sororities and fraternities. Most greek and non greek students get along just like students of different cultures and backgrounds. The sororities and fraternities have houses all around Manhattan but NPC chapters do not.", u"It's college so students are going to drink; but only if they want to. I know I didn't drink until I got to second semester and none of my friends made me feel bad for my choice. If you know someone 21, then there are chances of you getting alcohol. If you go to a party, chances are they will have alcohol but you don't have to drink it unless you want to.", u'K-State athletics is amazing. Between the Big XII championships last year and the repeated football bowl trips, basketball march madness and college baseball world series trips, the D1 sports are great here. As for intramural sports, all students who go to the rec participate and have lots of fun.', u'I love K-State. The people are amazingly friendly and nice. Everyone acts like a family.', u"It all depends on who you know and if you want to go out. On the weekend, there is always something going on but it's not always good. Some house parties get shut down because of noise violations. Aggieville is mostly 21 and up but sometimes 18 year olds can get inside. Fraternities always have parties and have Designated Drivers to pick you up and take you to their house. If you're going to a house party you can either walk or get a friend to drive you.", u'I hear from others that they are happy', u'I have never had any problems', u'Friendliest campus in the nation!', u'Dining hall food is actually really good', u"It's a small city. Travel is easy", u"I'm an exception; I ride a motorcycle, much better", u'had my tire slashed, campus police no help', u'I, myself, am a Greek', u'really good for the size of town', u'exactly what i wanted in a school', u'engineering department is the best', u'the wireless could be better', u'Still have some questions to be answered', u'The town is a great part of going to K-State. The Manhattan residents are very friendly and easygoing!', u'I play a lot of different intramurals and it is open for anyone who wants to play and it is affordable!', u"We have people from all over the world at K-State and it doesn't bother anyone in the slightest, except for when the Asians walk on the wrong side of the sidewalk.", u'There is tons of housing right around the campus that is within walking distance. The shopping is not very far from campus either. Manhattan is just a really great place to live!', u"I don't really associate specifically with the Greeks but I don't have anything bad to say about them.", u'We have tons of different programs with multiple people you can talk to about anything!', u"My workload isn't too bad and the professors are all willing to help at any time!", u"I have always had my own computer so I don't use the computer labs too much, but they are nice!", u'I get a scholarship from K-State every semester depending on my grades and it is automatically placed in my account. All my other scholarships are accepted and offset the cost of going to K-State.', u'It was way better than I expected it to be!', u'The social life at K-State is awesome. It is easy to meet people!', u'I just hate walking to class in the snow, but the sidewalks are usually cleared off pretty quickly!', u"I've honestly never used it. I just normally walk or I have my own car.", u'I am underage, but I have heard repeatedly the bars in Aggieville are a blast! I go to Dirty Dawgs quite and bit and we always have a good time while were there. The parties get a little wild and thats just how I like it! You meet so many new people, but also run into a bunch of people you already know!', u'The rec center has been newly renovated and it is spectacular!', u'The campus is absolutely beautiful, especially in the fall! The buildings are also nice. We have tons of opportunities for about anything you could imagine on campus.', u'You can get some scholarships. But if you want to pay for school completely, look for some scholarships outside of the school', u"The res halls are a pretty popular option. In fact, they had to make a new rule this year. If you have been a student for 6 or more semesters, you can't live in the res halls. This was because they needed to clear space for freshman, so the freshman could enjoy that community feel the first couple years too.", u'If I had to do it all over again, I would totally choose K-State with way more assurance. I have enjoyed my college here so much, and I really know that I am in the right place.', u"If you follow regular laws, you will be perfectly fine. The police are pretty understanding of when to step-in and when not to. If you aren't a jerk to them, you will be fine.", u"It's Kansas, the weather changes all of the time. The state's weather is pretty unpredictable and extreme. However, campus does a great job of being prepared for everything thrown its way.", u"There's not really a drug problem. If you're a drugee, usually you won't make it in college. However, a fair amount of students do drink and that is pretty prevalent. It's really all about who you surround yourself with. You can find people who party or people who don't. The campus ministries are great, and you can find some great people to surround yourself with from them.", u"You'll probably want a car or a friend's car to get around town. However, a lot revolves around the campus, so you really don't need to get around town much. You can simply walk to a lot of the stuff.", u'Well we were just named the 8th fittest college in the country this year, so I guess that says something. Everyone really supports the football team. We have a pretty much brand new rec that was recently renovated. And intramurals are highly participated in, we even have things like intertube water polo and underwater basket-weaving.', u"Just the people, the people are incredibly friendly. You have so many alumni that are doing so much to support the school that it really is helping the school constantly improve its academics and facilities. It's a college town, so you have plenty of options for college students.", u"There has been a lot of alumni donations recently, and that is really helping to enhance facilities and even create new ones. The limestone is the traditional look of campus, and since every building uses it for its exterior, campus have a uniform look that really grows on you. Football games are huge! And it seems that almost everyone goes and gets into it, I'd encourage to do the same.", u"I'd say it's all about your friend groups that you develop. If you are coming for parties, you'll find them. If you want to stay away partying, you will find plenty of great friends and enjoy your time too. If anything, I would encourage everyone to come and focus on developing friendships first.", u"The engineering program at K-State is highly regarded for how well it prepares its students for industry. That being said, employers love coming to campus to hire the hardworking students coming out. However, this all stems from a tough engineering workload. You don't have to be a genius, but be prepared to develop a good work ethic.", u'The professors and faculty at K-State are super nice and helpful. They really go out of their way to help us out, and they truly care about us and what happens to us. I love the staff at K-State.', u'The town and K-State are perfect for each other. Everyone in town is a K-State fan, and all the people who live in town love having the college students and do a lot to help them out.', u'You have a variety of options even late at night, and it all is generally pretty easy to afford.', u"It's much cheaper to live off-campus. However, you won't be living in super nice houses.", u'Generally speaking, K-State has some of the nicest people you will meet in general. The reason a lot of people come to K-State is how nice people were on their visit. Something about growing up in rural settings make the people extremely friendly.', u'Dining centers are essentially all you can eat buffets, and the quality of food is generally pretty good.', u"The greek life at K-State is a little different than I had pictured. There are a few houses that actually focus on developing the character of their members. Also, the average GPA's and campus involvement is much higher in the greek system.", u"Campus is pretty safe. If anything, I'd recommend not walking alone at night if you are a girl.", u"It's really not necessary to bring your own computer, since there are so many computer labs on campus. However, it doesn't hurt to bring your own laptop so you can work away from campus.", u'There is good locations for the parking lots. However, spots can fill up fast.', u'There are several unique restaurants in Aggieville across from campus and some major chain and cafes around town. Most offer a student discount.', u'Everyone is very friendly and inviting. Each floor in the dorms is their own little community that eats and hangs out together. The cost is a little high, but you get the value of it being safer as only those with K-State IDs can enter the buildings, you have a dining center next door, a convenience store for late night snacking, and a laundry mat.', u'There are over 250 major options here. The professors range from Drs in that field for the advanced courses and graduate students for the entry courses. First time registration is done with an advisor and you have an advisor who is versed on the requirements for your major to assist you. K-State has outstanding Vet Med, Engineering, and Teaching programs.', u'As I am a dual language major, my course load is not very heavy as all of my classes have a similiar tone and subject, versus some other majors where you bounce between writing and science classes. I do not have very much homework on a daily basis and do not have any lab/studio classes to deal with.', u'Across the street from campus is an area called "Aggieville" that is home to most of the bars and decent restaurants, a few clubs, and some nifty stores.', u"Kansas has weather that changes on a whim. Sometimes it will be bright, warm, and sunny one day and then snowing the next. The campus is not very large, so getting to and from classes in snowy or rainy weather isn't too bad.", u'There is a campus shuttle that runs around and through campus, as well as a shuttle that goes to some popular shopping places in town such as Walmart and Dillons. There are sidewalks all over town, however some of the crosswalk lights do not work.', u'I had a very easy time receiving financial aid. I had a small issue this year with not having enough financial aid to cover next semester, but the financial aid office was able to help me out and give me a small grant even though it was a little late in the semester.', u'There are several options near campus for off-campus housing, lots of apartments and group houses. You have to begin looking at options about a semester in advance if you are to guarantee having it when you need it.', u'Students get very pumped up for football and basketball games. There is a lot of school pride here. The athletic facilities are very nice and fairly new. Our teams perform very well and have a huge support regardless of whether they win or lose.', u"The wifi is a bit slow, but available anywhere on campus. There are several computer labs, some available only to students within a certain studies. Most are pretty crowded, so its nice to have your own laptop. There are printers in all of the labs and you get $10 worth of printing that most students don't use all of.", u"There aren't many major attraction in Manhattan, but there are a lot of shopping centers and restaurants. The whole town is bursting with Wildcat pride and there is purple everywhere. Everyone is really involved in what the university and students are doing.", u"I would choose KSU over again as the campus is beautiful. There are two registered castles on campus and all of the buildings, whether new or old, have a similar style that makes it seem like they've all been there for ages. Everyone is extremely friendly and helpful, especially if you've lost your way. There is always something going on on campus, whether it be a play or a movie night at the union.", u'Each housing complex has its own dining hall and the menus change regularly. You can eat as much as you want. The food is really nice for a cafeteria style setting, better quality than what you would expect. However, there are not many vegetarian options.', u'There are emergency phones spread out across campus, lit paths everywhere, a bus system that runs through and around campus, and an option to have someone come and walk with you at night.', u'I am unclear so far on how the internship will work for my career goals. I am just starting my junior year though this Spring so I will find out more this semester.', u'Everyone has been extremely helpful in this process.', u'Admissions staff has been very helpful.', u'I am an online student', u'I like it, tuition sucks though. They are extremely expensive and so is the whole town. Definitely not worth my time and money.', u'Aggieville is the best thing that has ever happened to Manhattan, Ks.', u'There are things to do, but mainly just go to the mall or the movies if you are looking for off campus entertainment', u'Parking is probably the strictest thing there is. In the classroom teachers are always bringing up the honor code.', u'Most of the greeks I have met have been snobby and act better than everyone else.', u"No one likes financial aid, but KSU wasn't difficult about it.", u"Parking sucks. There aren't enough spots for the people that possess a permit, and if you get a permit they are in the hundreds for cost. Ridiculous.", u'There are your typical fast food places but there are also pricier restaurants.', u'It;s very hard to find someone here that is not accepting of another group.', u'Dorms are great here on campus. They may not be the newest of buildings but they do provide with what they need.', u"Unless you're a junior or senior in college finding a good parking spot near the dorms is nearly impossible. Upperclassmen are given first choice so underclassmen don't get nearly as good of a parking spot as the older guys.", u'With the architecture program being rated as one of the best, it is very top notch.', u'Professors for the architecture program are great and will help you in whatever field you need it in.', u"Greek life isn't a big part of the college life here, but it is cool to be apart of something and to be recognized like that.", u'The scholarship process was integrated into the application and was fairly easy to apply for.', u"the weather varies quite a bit and online weather reports aren't very reliable in this area.", u'Computers are not necessary for campus work but they do prove to be very helpful.', u'There are tons of places to eat around campus.', u'There is always something to do around campus on weekend nights. The options do get boring after awhile.', u'The town and school almost really evolves around varsity athletics. Everyone supports the team no matter how bad their season is.', u'The food on campus is okay. There are not a ton of options. I did get tired of the repeated options.', u'From what I saw over the summer, off campus housing is very popular and easily get taken so if you want something you have to start looking early', u"Best atmosphere, everyone is friendly helpful and full of school spirit! Couldn't have asked for a better school to go to! Go K-State! EMAW!!!", u"It's all about AGGIEVILLE!! Easy to get to and there's always some sort of transportation. Parties are almost always local so people are able to walk to them and coming close to risk, and if they're not, there are always designated drivers or transportation that will take us home safely.", u"The police and health center are always there to my convenience. Every time I've needed either one, all I had to do was call them up and was helped within minutes.", u"Sporting events are amazingly awesome!! Everyone shows school spirit, including current students, alumni, and even fans who haven't or didn't attend. Like they say, we are on BIG happy family :)", u'I personally loved where I am housing because I am living in the on campus apartments but the dorms also great when I go visit someone there.', u"It's a college town so there isn't much to do locally but if you drive a little more out of town, it isn't bad.", u"The process went smoothly and I received all the financial aid I could receive. Even though the process was time consuming it wasn't bad; just like every financial aid process.", u"The wireless connection on campus can get extremely slow so it can't always be reliable especially when in the middle of taking exams or doing homework. But besides that, nothing too bad. Also, our tech support is great, they are always friendly and get the problem solved as soon and as quickly as possible.", u'The transportation is excellent! The school provides shuttles to all the student to place on AND off campus. This is extremely helpful for student who may not have transportation and have to go to the grocery store or mall to go buy necessities.', u"The campus strictness is pretty average. They tend to be a lot more strict to things that come to being against the law like underage drinking and drug use, which is great because that's the way it should be anyways", u"The weather for the most part isn't that bad out here. The only thing that may make it hard to enjoy the campus is when it snows. It's hard to get around, takes longer and can be dangerous. But beside that, it's awesome!", u'It is the perfect school for me!', u'we have the best, and most helpful professors in the college of human ecology', u'somewhat competitive depending on the college and department', u'live in the dorms or a fraternity as freshman to meet other people, and then move to a house with those newly made friends', u'typical kansas weather... more wind on campus because the wind runs between the buildings', u'very exclusive for men more than women, if you are not in a fraternity it is hard to interact and get the same party opportunities', u'average for what you would expect... it is kansas', u'Kansas State is an amazing fit for me. I transferred from another school that I was not pleased with, and Kansas State was the best choice I could have made.', u"The dining halls do have good choices but some of the meals that are offered remind be of the type of frozen product served in a high school cafeteria. The Union, however, does have a good variety but you can't use your meal plan for those vendors.", u"Kansas State Dining has food for all backgrounds. It is also made by students! The food is great, and there are amazing options. Don't want one thing? You can have something else!", u'Little to no drug use on campus or off. It is a great atmosphere for all students to safely have fun without being pressured into anything like drugs or alcohol.', u'Aggieville is amazing, and the school is BEAUTIFUL!', u'It is rather conservative, but welcoming to all.', u'Kansas changes weather quickly. Be prepared!', u'A car is very helpful but not required', u'Very active and always something to do', u'Compares well and is making great improvements', u'This is definitely my school', u'Very similar groups of people', u'Very strict about the silly things and not what really matters', u'Winter sucks and is bitter cold but every other season is wonderful', u'Love my major and love the business program here', u'Big town easy to get anything you might want', u'Very close by. Just hard to get an appointment', u"Good options if you aren't a vegetarian", u'Just okay, could be better though', u'I love it here. Very old buildings adds to the character', u'There are many different house sizes to choose from and they range from not so nice to nice and the pricing is usually fair. There are also many apartment choices. For the most part the landlords are reasonable.', u'I have not had much experience with campus strictness because I live off-campus, however I do know they are pretty strict when it comes to the parking rules and are not afraid to give tickets.', u'The guys have good manners and are polite. The girls are friendly. There are guys and girls who will talk in each class to those around them and some just prefer to keep to themselves.', u"It's usually hard to find a spot to park, and the crosswalks are dangerous at times due to the amount of students who walk. It's not a necessity to have a car but it's convenient.", u"The options are limited and repetitive once you've participated in them all.", u'People basically look the same. There are few people that I see who have a unique look that separates them from the rest.', u'Involvement for students is a big deal. There are many organizations and activities for students to get involved with. The sense of community is strong as well.', u'There are many traditions, in greek life and the community that everyone can participate in. In the town there are signature hangout spots for the students.', u"The town is nice, but activites are limited and repetitive once you've participated in all of them.", u'There is a great diversity on campus, and multiple student organizations for many religions, political beliefs, and nationalities.', u'The dining hall is right outside the dorm rooms, so access is easy and convenient. You usually get satisfying portions and the options to choose from are many.', u"I was given financial aid, and it helped out a lot but it still isn't enough when you factor in the student loans I will be paying back for years.", u"It's uncomfortable to walk in the heat to your classes, and a little difficult to walk in the snow.", u"There are usually available computers either at the library or in other labs. The wireless access, reliability and speed is relatively good. It's not a necessity to have a computer in class but it is to complete assignments and check your school email.", u"It's not visible that people are using drugs if they are. Peer pressure is not really a problem, people are free to do what they want without feeling worried about what others will think and say.", u"Overall I think my school makes clear its values and what is accepted and what will and won't be tolerated. The honor code for plagiarism is stressed in every class and even reported on by the people in charge of the program.", u'The school is fine, but I personally would be more comfortable in a smaller institution with better interaction and one on one time with professors.', u"The library, halls, and most buildings all have some sort of computer lab with printing abilities. Printing on campus is five cents for b&g. If you don't have a personal computer, you can easily access one somewhere across campus. Internet access is available over the entire campus. I personally believe the wifi runs pretty slow and I've heard the same from others. The dorm rooms do offer an ethernet connection if desired.", u'I am not part of the Greek community. About 20% of females are in a sorority. Most sororities have really great houses and the freshman girls all live in Ford. If you are not planning on being in a sorority, I would strongly avoid Ford as your hall.', u'The drug scene is not very visible, or at least to me. I have not seen a lot of drinking, but I hear about it.', u"I enjoy my program. I've met a lot students through the program. The faculty and facilities are great!", u'I changed my major right before I started my first semester, and it was extremely easy.', u"I've never felt threatened or scared for my safety.", u'If I could do it all over again I would most definitely attend Kansas State University! I drive 7 hours to come to the best university in the country! When you come to K-State you will become a member of the incredible K-State family. Great atmosphere, great people, great city, great school!!', u'AggieVille is always a great option!', u'I love being in the residence halls, especially in the Derby complex! The residence halls offer 24 hour front desks, laundry facilities, personal thermostats, furniture, check-out items (such as... kitchen supplies, vacuums, games, sports equipment, tv checkout, etc), great lobbies, study rooms, music rooms, weight room and many other things. I also found it very easy to get involved in the hall through work and leadership. I became a Community Assistant, Floor President, and joined the Tour Team.', u'The academic scholarships that K-State offers are based of GPA and ACT. Most of them are renewable for up to four years. The financial aid process at K-State takes about 15 minutes to fill out and they do the rest.', u"K-State offers over 250 majors, so there's something for everybody. Most of the professors are good. Registration is pretty easy.", u"I'm an Industrial Engineering major. I really like the program minus calculus. The faculty is really great and the facilities are undergoing $40 million in renovations right now. The department spends a lot of time and money making sure that we students make incredible job connections while in school. As a department, we meet with an industrial engineering professional monthly to make connections, learn about the job market, and what all our degree has to offer.", u'K-State has a lot of sorority girls. Some good and some not.', u'The athletics are great at K-State! The school spirit and support at Bill Snyder Family Stadium is the best fan experience in the Big 12! Get ready to Wabash!!', u'K-State is great! The atmosphere is fun and incredibly friendly!', u'K-State has a great campus, fun residence halls, an incredible Rec Center, top notch athletic centers, and amazing students and faculty all in the great little town of Manhattan!', u'There\'s a good amount of diversity on campus, but everyone seems to "fit-in" really seamlessly.', u"If you're planning on attending Kansas State University expect Kansas weather.", u"It's been really tough for me to get any financial aid or scholarships through this University.", u"For minorities there just really isn't anything, if you go to a bar you'll find a bunch of racial discriminating rednecks.", u"Some students are really into the whole school spirit sort of thing whereas others just aren't.", u"While the Derb has good food it really doesn't have very healthy or vegan options.", u"There are plenty of shuttle buses and taxis if you don't happen to have transportation of your own and live on campus. However, I have found it always best to have your own vehicle, it makes things much more easier.", u'I have been pleased with the availability of computers and computer labs on campus, there are a lot in the library. However, the printing costs are rather expensive.', u"There is a mall downtown and other local shops that are nice but really, all in all, there isn't all that much to do.", u'The school remains close to where I live and is helping me to finish my Bachelors degree which will be extremely helpful in the very near future.', u'I absolutely love my specific major, the teachers are some of the best on the entire campus in my opinion. They are very professional in their classes and with their teaching. I have learned an immense amount of material from them that I will be able to use for the rest of my life.', u"The School of Agriculture is arguably one of the best in the nation which is great for anyone wanting to pursue a degree in agriculture. The Spanish department has great teachers, I have been extremely pleased with all of my teachers in this department. My experience with other departments however have not been nearly as good, if you are looking to pursue a degree in music or philosophy I would go to a different school like Indiana University, home of the Jacob's School of Music.", u'Off campus is rather expensive though it beats out on campus which is absolutely ridiculous, somewhere around $10,000 a semester. You should expect to pay at least $550 a month minimum for off campus in a one person apartment and its nothing fancy by any means.', u"It's either really hot or really cold and the wind blows strong almost all of the time. This makes for a miserable walk across campus.", u'In all reality there is really not that much cultural/racial diversity when compared to other schools.', u'Aggieville is the place to be when you are 21 years old. Try not to go before this, because they are known to hand out many MIP and underage drinking changes.', u'campus health could be improved due to long waiting times and lack of walk-in appointments (which is difficult for students with out busy schedules).', u'new building are becoming "LEAD" certified to be good for the environment. campus traditions such as athletics and homecoming week are important to student life and involvement on campus. activities such as these integrate all groups of people, including all ages and majors of students on campus.', u'we just got a new football athletic stadium this year which adds a new level of enthusiasm to our university athletics.', u'there are many available scholarship opportunities, but awards seem to be directed toward only incoming freshman. the study abroad program was supposed to provide funding for my trip, but was unavailable to provide after already committing to my program (therefore I must come up with this extra money on my own) look out for this problem as well!', u'dorm dining facilities are very good but do not offer very healthy options for students. on campus dining facilities (such as the one in the union) are convenient but they tend to be relatively expensive with mostly fast food options', u'parking needs to be improved greatly before it could be considered a "pro" of our university', u'wifi throughout all of campus. computer labs in the library are constantly full, so provide your own computer or go to a computer lab in another building on campus if you are in a hurry', u'could be reduced, but it does not seem to be a problem in most areas of campus', u'all of campus is very close together, with a bus to take students to campus housing locations', u'we could use an increase in involvement by diverse groups on campus', u'we have a very spirited community (especially when our team is doing very well)', u'expensive (but worth it) to get top amenities', u'relatively lenient but still keep students safe', u'I LOVE Manhattan. I used to live here and want to live here after graduation as well.', u'I have a lot of friends in greek life and they really enjoy it.', u'Campus is pretty compact so walking is sufficient. That and I have a car on campus so that meets all of my other transportation needs.', u'The food on campus is so much better than I was expecting', u'I feel very healthy and safe here on and off campus.', u'People are allowed to get away with a couple things here and there, but other than that, they do their job.', u"Being a freshman, I really don't know much about the off-campus housing, but I have heard great things.", u"I didn't receive everything I needed to pay for school, so I am hopefully going to apply and receive more scholarships in the upcoming years", u"I wouldn't even think about going anywhere else to go to school.", u'The people at K-State are amazing. I absolutely love it here.', u"Just like at any other school, there are a lot of kids underage who drink. Other than alcohol though, I don't notice any other drug problems.", u'I love the nightlife around campus. Whenever I have the chance to go out, I live it up!', u'I love all of my floor-mates and the food is great at the dining halls.', u"Hey, If you're from Kansas, or going to a Kansas school, you better be used to the weather!", u"We don't really have public transportation", u'All of our student life facilities are great', u'All of our buildings have to have some limestone.', u"I like it but some people don't", u'It is a pretty far walk to anywhere', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'I love the nightlife around campus. Whenever I have the chance to go out, I live it up!', u'I love all of my floor-mates and the food is great at the dining halls.', u"Hey, If you're from Kansas, or going to a Kansas school, you better be used to the weather!", u"We don't really have public transportation", u'All of our student life facilities are great', u'All of our buildings have to have some limestone.', u"I like it but some people don't", u'It is a pretty far walk to anywhere']