[u'University of Kansas is a very nice university with much diversity in a warm climate. The community is very kind and the classes are challenging.', u'Academics are great! Great professors! The campus is beautiful and staff is wonderful and very helpful.', u'As both of my parents went there and I live in a town with mostly KU grads, I have been entrenched in KU my entire life, and now that I am going to college, it is KU that I have selected. My only complaint is the winter weather.', u"Overall, the University of Kansas is a great place to go to school. All the teachers I've had really care about their students' success. There are tons of resources available for students.", u"KU really wasn't all that I was expecting. Some of the faculty members are great and very helpful, while a lot of the professors I have dealt with were a little questionable. I definitely had high expectations since I am from out of state, but sadly the school didn't live up to those expectations. Other than that, the academics are pretty good and the campus is very easy to navigate.", u'The campus was excellent and full of life. The tour and the tour guide were professional and well prepared. Despite the large group I was traveling in, the experience still felt very personal. I was impressed by the immense size of the school and amount of fields they offer.', u'Overall the University of Kansas is a pretty good school. People are usually friendly and some departments seem really on top of things. Though I believe their Math Department in particular needs work. The Math department seems to hire many teachers who are difficult to understand.', u'I went on a tour a few weeks ago and can officially say that i have found my home for the next four years. Everyone on campus is so nice and is willing to help you with anything. Prior to applying, I was hesitant to look at a Kansas school but now I am so happy that I applied and am committed to this university. Rock Chalk Jay Hawk!!!', u"Though it is a large university, it works hard on breaking down class sizes and having tons of events happening for students to be involved in. It has a good transportation system that is linked to Lawrence Transit, so you have a lot of ways to get out of campus to do things like shop at Wal-Mart. There are a lot of ways to fulfill the gen-ed requirements, which is helpful for someone who doesn't necessarily want to take a science class at the college level.", u"Even though I didn't go to the main campus, I attended their subcampus, Edwards. The staff and faculties were very friendly, and they were very helpful. They made the environment very friendly. The teachings were very challenging, but the professors are always there to help you out.", u'I have found a community of students, teachers, and friends that want to support me through my studies and see me succeed. The University of Kansas provides endless opportunities that will match your interests and pursuits!', u'I just started at KU in the fall of 2017. I have had a very positive experience with teachers, classes and KU staff. Great place to attend school and start your next step towards your future.', u"During my first year at the University of Kansas, I have collected a multitude of different experiences. The campus is beautiful, no doubt about it. Not only is the campus wonderful, but the education system is great as well. Professors care about each and every student's success in school and outside of school. The most impressive aspect, I have become familiar with in my time at the University of Kansas was the student resources put in place to help, motivate, and support students going through a tough time. Whether it be health, educational, or personal issues; there is a program or person available to students. I appreciate the demonstration of care at the University of Kansas.", u"The University of Kansas has a very diverse group of students. The Lawrence environment allows students to bond and make those long term connections that will help better their future. The professors and other KU staff provide a welcoming environment to, not only, the students and faculty of KU, but also the local citizens of Lawrence. A few times a month you'll see local kids from schools located near or in Lawrence that come and tour the campus, ku is all about starting the traditions from a young age. KU is well know for their basketball team, and students are constantly encouraged to come out to home games.", u"I graduated with an engineering degree with honors and passed the FE exam in electrical engineering by 2015. I have not been able to get a job in the USA even as a garbage man since then. It is harder to find work now than it was when I was in High School. I suppose the employers think I'm too qualified. So my degree is worth less than toilet paper and it is considerably more expensive. The career fairs and the career center are entirely useless. Also, before I graduated, I went on a fake exchange program sponsored by KU; the university took my parents' money and did nothing with it. I had to figure out which classes to take on my own and the university did not transfer the credits when I got back. If you have $50000 dollars that you don't know what to do with, spending it on alcohol and prostitutes would be a better long-term investment than going to KU. And I mean that quite literally. KU has harmed my career prospects rather than helped.", u"KU has been a great place to study. It is in a beautiful part of Kansas, and the university has numerous traditions that I am proud to be a part of. Additionally, the university offers many forms of support for students from classes to daily life. There is always something going on and something to be a part of; I don't know how you could get bored.", u"I like that the University of Kansas is really diverse. There are many cultures, religions, and traditions showcased every week. No one group of people is excluded, they all take the chance to show what they do and how each of them come together and work alongside one another.\nTo make this University better, I would suggest having more communication between the school. Such as the Performing Arts school interacting with the Business school. The Law school's faculty and students socializing with those from the Architecture school. I do not think there is enough communication between each of the schools to benefit student who identify with each.", u'Once you get pass all the general classes, the class size are generally small and teachers are very easy to get along with.', u"Amazing campus. Traditions. Great athletic teams. Teacher are very helpful and flexible. So much room for growth and so much support. The town is amazing as well. With Kansas City 20 minutes away, you'll never get bored.", u'KU has a diverse campus with endless opportunities for education, career counseling and fantastic student life.', u'This college is amazing I recommend that all incoming students live in or around the campus in order to experience the entire college experience.', u'I am a freshman at the University of Kansas and for the most part it has been an incredible experience. My least favorite thing about the campus is the hills and how spread out it is, but the teachers and the classes are the best part about the school.', u'This school has already brought me so many opportunities to looking deeper into my future career. It not only has been extremely beneficial to my academics, but one of my favorite things about KU is it\u2019s tradition. Allen fieldhouse, the steam whistle, and the campanile are just some of my favorites. KU is a great place to make new friends and memories that\u2019ll last a life time!', u'The University of Kansas has prepared me for life after college by pushing me to pursue my goals and dreams. While the curriculum has been difficult, it has also proved rewarding by getting me involved in countless hours of research, rewarded by Undergraduate Symposiums and visits to other cities to represent my school in quiz bowls and research presentations. The tools and values that I have gained while at the University will prove worthy for several years down the road and the experiences that I have gained here will never be forgotten.', u'As it is a large school, you have to be motivated and reach out to professors when it comes to academics. However, the town and social life are great for undergrads.', u'The feel of the school is amazing. I knew it was the right one as soon as I saw it. I will be attending there in the fall of 2018.', u'The campus is awesome! There is always something to do, no matter your social group or the day of the week!', u"The University of Kansas is highly ranked in multiple fields of academics. Lawrence is very diverse; it is the San Francisco of Kansas. KU's men's basketball is great, but you truly do not understand the love this school has for that team until you have been to a game inside Allen Fieldhouse in the student section-- you will get goosebumps. Even if you are more of a football fan, tailgating is always a good time. Each one of the professors I have had has made me feel like they value whether their students actually understand the material or not. I have yet to have a professor who is unwilling to work with each student's individual schedule to find a time to work with them 1-on-1. Living in the dorms freshman year is more about the experience and meeting new people. KU has newer cafeterias on campus that serve food that is actually fresh. The party scene in LFK is unreal. There is always something to do here. Rock Chalk!", u"I've had an incredible 4 years at the University of Kansas and will also be completing my master's program here as well.", u'This school is the most amazing school out there. The professors truly care about the success of the students. The athletics are beyond amazing and truly give you goosebumps. I highly recommend this school to anyone in the world. I am so glad that I am here!', u'This school is the best decision I have ever made. I truly learn so much here and the people are just amazing all around! They really care about your success in and out of the classroom!', u"I have been attending this school for half a year. So far, I have found it enjoyable. Staff is usually helpful in all departments. There are constant events and lectures going on. My only complaint is that many of the professors have bad reviews, so it's sometimes hard to find classes without worrying about the professor. The food offered at the union is also very limited and mediocre.", u'I went on a visit to KU and loved it. It is one of my top choices for next year. The campus is beautiful. The people there are positive and and actually wanting to learn. The academic environment is great, there are so many places to study, and the professors want to help. The town of Lawrence is also great. There are so many places to eat and hangout.', u'I have met so many great professors and people here. Living in a scholarship hall has really changed my view of dorm living, there is such a great community here.', u'Amazing Campus. I took the tour and am planning on attending so this school sold me through their class offerings, great honors program, and amazing campus. The students are helpful and accepting as well. A very great school choice.', u"The University of Kansas is a great four year college that I believe exceeds academic standards and has a very active campus life. Starting with academics, all classes I've been in have been highly organized with professors who actually try to help their students. They won't reach out to students, but once you make yourself known to them they are excellent resources who befriend and network the students who come and ask questions. On campus, there is something for everybody. There are tons of diverse clubs and organizations encouraging students to join. If extra curricular activities aren't for you, Lawrence itself is a great place with a lot of little shops and restaurants and businesses. Greek life is very big here, but if you're not in a sorority or fraternity thats okay! You can still have a successful college experience without having to be a part of greek life. Overall, KU is a great place.", u'I love this university! It is a very fun place to live and it has a very rich history and a culture. When i am at KU I feel like i am home', u"I've stayed on campus for summer camps--they are always fun! The dorms are nice, most newly remodeled or newly built. The campus cafeteria is Mrs. E's and they always have a variety of meals and times to eat. The academic and cultural atmosphere of the campus and town are unbeatable. I love Lawrence, and look forward to living there as a student.", u'100% glad this is the school I chose, only thing that sucks is on campus parking, but still better than a lot of other universities', u'This is a good college with professors who care, lots of research opportunity, and a top ranked honors program.', u'As an incoming freshman I was very nervous to start my journey as a college student. Once move-in day came around I no longer had that nervous feeling in my gut. I felt like I was home. The friendly and very helpful students on orientation day made me feel like I truly belonged. I knew this was the place I wanted to spend my next 4 years.', u"So far the first semester of Freshman year had been good, Everyone I've met there so far has been super friendly and outgoing. All the professors have been great instructors.", u"I only have good things to say about the University of Kansas. I feel blessed to go there and be a part of the Jayhawk tradition. Going to basketball games, sitting in Budig Hall, and eating at Mrs. E's; all of those things are what brings me closer to the school. I believe KU only hires the best and brightest professors who care about each and every student's education. I've made long lasting friendships in the short amount of time that I have been there, and I can't wait to continue my education at the university.", u'The University of Kansas is great. There are a lot of resources for students who do not know which path they would like to take. The school spirit is great. However getting use of these resources can be hard. You have to wait to have access to these resources.', u"It's a good university with many opportunities to study, learn and explore. They have many different classes and clubs to partake in. The university is diverse and the local area is fun to explore and walk around. From what i have experienced it is a good university and a pretty nice campus with many opportunities.", u"It's a great university. One thing I would change is hire better, actual teachers. Most of the professors are researchers, not teachers.", u'I love it here! University of Kansas Is like a home away from home. Every time I step in a class I always feel safe and welcomed. I\u2019m happy to say I will be spending 4 years at the University of my dreams.', u'The University of Kansas has helped me pursue my educational dream of becoming a Social Worker. Given me the opportunity to meet so many great people from around the country. MY professors at the university have been great, for the most part. They are very encouraging and want the best for my education.', u'The University of Kansas has a beautiful campus paired with great academic resources. Our basketball team provides a wonderful opportunity to go out with friends and watch wins happen in the legendary Allen Field House.', u"I love KU. Lawrence is great town and the school has great people. It is a large enough university that there is truly something for everyone here at KU whether you enjoy sports, art, or humanitarian work. I've loved my experience here and can't imagine being anywhere else.", u'The best college in the world. I love it I come from a small town in Colorado and was never able to visit,', u'KU is a beautiful campus coupled with an incredibly diverse student-body and highly-educated staff. My college experience were some of the best days of my life. Being on campus is relaxing and motivating.', u'Love being here! Everything is great. Campus is safe, sports are good (except football), and the housing and dorms are fun!', u"KU is a very well rounded school with students and faculty from all walks of life. They all provide a very welcoming fun college experience for incoming students. The community around the college is also very welcoming. While basketball is the sport of choice for the school other sports are available for viewing and participating in. There are many clubs available for anyone and majors to fit your goals for the future. Greek life isn't essential but it does have a presence on campus.", u'The University of Kansas really put an impression on me, not only because of the massive size of the school, but because of the different kinds of people you meet. Everybody is nice and can easily start a conversation. Classes are fun to be in, and professors are there for you.', u'The University of Kansas is unlike any other university. Its beautiful campus and school pride beat out all the other schools in the big 12. Not to mention its basketball team is A1 and so fun to cheer on. Everyone loves being a jayhawk despite the crappy football team and hilly campus.', u'The University of Kansas is a very great college. The community is very welcoming and definitely feels like a college town. It does not have great parking, but other than that, it is great.', u'The university has a very welcoming atmosphere. The application process was also very east, as well as enrolling and figuring out my next steps.', u"I love the University of Kansas! I come a small town in Illinois, and I never had the chance to visit this campus because I didn't have the money. From just simply looking at the campus online and the opportunities I will get I fell in love. The campus is absolutely beautiful and the administration is so passionate about education. They're always there to help with anything you need. There are so many job opportunities for students that need some money. There are hundreds of different clubs that students can join. It is a great community.", u"The people are nice and funny but the campus isn't pretty and too many hills. However, I loveeee the basketball games and how everyone comes together.", u'It is a beautiful campus, has a great student life, and has a stunning downtown. Everyone can feel at home in Lawrence. The midwest charm gives it the warm and fuzzy feeling. Also, the sports (basketball) draws everyone to Lawrence. Rock Chalk Jayhawk!', u'I recently took a tour of the University of Kansas and completely fell in love. In the beginning of the tour our speaker failed to let any of the staff know she was sick. We ended up starting the talk late. It was very informal and came off unproffesionsal. But after the talk it was time to begin the tour. The divided he students by what major they were looking into. Mine was Architecture. I ended up getting a private our of the campus because I was the only student in that field. I got to tour the Architecture building and the engineering building. I saw students in action and some of their work. I was amazed. The tour was full of information. I fell in love with the look of the campus. I started to see myself attending The University of Kansas. Later that night I finished my application ad received an acceptance email only a few days later. I am so excited to have to potential opportunity to become a Jayhawk at an amazing university.', u"The University of Kansas has always held a special place in my heart. Since I was born, I have been rooting on the KU Basketball team and wouldn't trade my love for the Jayhawks for anything! Even though I am only a first semester freshman, I have already created so many amazing memories at KU. From Sorority Recruitment, to football games, to Late Night in the Phog, I have enjoyed every second, even the countless hours of studying! KU is such a unique place that is filled with many different people and personalities, and I cannot wait to see what else is in store for me here.", u'It is a phenomenal educational opportunity, you will fall in love with the people, the scenery, the buildings, your professors, your classes, the basketball program. I can go on and on well beyond the limits of this review. The one knock I have is price, as an out of state student I rely on an annually renewed scholarship to keep it affordable, but even then the price is steep. You get what you pay for, however, and the University of Kansas is a worthwhile investment.', u'Touring the campus I met so many students that had nothing but good to talk about this university. It is very diverse, has numerous clubs to join and activities to help each person find their own way to get involved and feel a part of something. There is so much school pride here.', u'Outstanding. Best teachers, Friendly students, Great Campus, wonder activities, good value for your money, no 1 rated basketball team', u'The University of Kansas has been one of the best organizations I have ever worked with. Responsive employees in every department, flexible, and professional. This is a well-run school and provides lots of research opportunities.', u'As a freshman, I love it. The staff and campus is awesome. The city, Lawrence, is the best as well. I am very happy with the decision I made, and I am excited for anyone who chooses KU as their new home.', u'I loved the environment and how peaceful it is. Sports are great and successful. The campus is a bit too spread out.', u'Great school across the board! Great academics, athletics, student life, mentorship, and more! Many opportunities for success, lots of research opportunities, endless amounts of options!', u"I've only been attending the University of Kansas for a couple of weeks. So far, so good. The campus offers everything an incoming student needs. The professors are professional and caring. Dorms are a bit small and campus food is descent. I feel safe on campus.", u'I have never been a student at the University of Kansas. I have heard through several current students that they have a spectacular medical program and housing facilities.', u"So far since I've been here the only problem is the amount it costs of living comfortably. All college students are in debt and that's part of the process, but it's becoming an actual burden on my lifestyle. However, the actual classes and environment of KU are amazing. They make me feel as if I've found my home and that's something I've never been able to have.", u"Transitioning from a small town, where the population was that of the university, was surprisingly easy. It was easy because everyone here is so friendly. There are plenty of was to get involved on campus rather it's being in a scholarship hall to becoming a tutor. The university was a new chance for me to express myself in ways I couldn't at my home town.", u'There are so many great events and organizations that are so easily accessible and welcoming. They help to make you and better person and learn so much more about the world and even yourself while meeting new people and experiencing new things.', u"I am going into my first year and I have to say that the administration really cares for its students and has our best interest in mind. I've yet to have a professor that hasn't made the classes the best they can be.", u"They're a really great college and they're good about helping you succeed and pass And eventually graduate. They have a lot of helpful resources available and the staff and students are helpful and nice.", u'I am obsessed with KU! This school has endless opportunities. KU thrives on tradition and basketball. When I had first visited KU, I knew right a way that this was the place where I wanted my future to begin. Not only is the campus absolutely beautiful, everyone is very charismatic. The University of Kansas is my home a way from home, and I could not be happier.', u"My experience at KU was life changing. The people are so nice and very helpful. You never have to go through anything alone. There's always help around and useful resources you can use. It's like home away from home.", u"In my three years here at KU, I have had many experiences that have uniquely shaped the person I've become. Pulling from all regions of Kansas and the greater midwest, the fellow students are welcoming and friendly and the teachers dedicated. Students will often find that they get out of their academics what they put in. While individual programs vary in their strength, a committed student will find no shortfall of administration and faculty who are ready to supplement their learning with experiences.", u"I'm in the repiratory Therapy bachelors program and it is not put together very well. The teachers are not interested in teaching and it shows.", u'KU is a great school. Great atmosphere to learn and a lot of diversity. Faculty members are kind and want you to succeed.', u'I really enjoyed my first semester at KU, the Campus is beautiful, and the professors are fantastic.', u'My experience being at the university of kansas has been a good experience. From meeting different people to meeting different teachers. There is something always available to you at every moment during the school year. The atmosphere is a great and unique experience. The class work is what you expect not too hard, but stay ahead!', u"The University of Kansas will provide the campus experience, however, I wish I had transferred to a different school sadly. My time at KU has been very enriching in some ways but not in all ways. I have taken courses were the professors, or instructors were completely inadequate. They have students paying way too much money for an education, let alone just to eat on campus. Lastly, I feel that students have to make an experience there, they're not really given the experience like I hear other students from other schools describe college life. I'm not sure if I'm being too harsh but I honestly did not care for the school itself. However, I'm glad I made the experience worth while for myself.", u"At first I was not interested in paying to much attention to 'college life', especially since it seemed generalized. I just wanted to go to class and spend time with my friends. However, when classes started (this was during the 2016 presidential election) the teachers somehow managed to suck me into organizations that KU offered. I dived into politics and social justice on and off campus. One thing I would like to change would be to make the non traditional classes, such as feminism in Disney movies, more advertised to students instead of the traditional English classes.", u'I love the University of Kansas because everyone is so friendly and helpful there. It is easy to find the right path for every student.', u'This school is large and chances are you will find your niche in its expanse of programs. Some of the teachers I have had at this school are incredible and have made a lasting impact on my life.', u'The campus is beautiful and the buildings are amazing. You will have classes all over campus and be able to see and learn so many great things about what makes KU special. Class sizes range from small and intimate classes with only twenty students, to large lectures with up to 700 other students.', u'I liked how many options and opportunities are available for students to explore and earn degrees and gain experience needed for their area of study. The courses are generally at a fair level of difficulty. Some departments are a lot more difficult than others, and course difficulty also depends on the professor. But overall, a very good institution for undergraduate learning and earning a degree.', u"I have really enjoyed my experience here so far. All the professors have been timely in getting back with me and making sure to answer any questions I've had. The bus system has been my way of transportation and they also have made that very easy.", u"I like how everyone seems to have each others back. From students, to professors, there is always someone there willing to help. There's a lot of school spirit at KU, and everyone takes pride in attending. If can change anything, it would to be able to add more diversity to the campus", u'University of Kansas is a great school where I met friends the second I walked in my first class. Teachers and professors really care about you and are willing to help you in every way possible so you can succeed. The school also offers an incredible amount of free resources to help you for the future, such as writing centers, resume checks, and mock interviews.', u'I am currently a student at the University of Kansas and I love attending there for classes. The teachers are knowledgeable, the students are friendly, and the town is small enough that you can bus, bike, drive, or even walk from and to campus as well as work.', u"KU is a solid school to go to. I'm an Electrical Engineering student so I can really only speak for the EECS school. The campus is great. It's plenty large enough so it doesn't feel like it's cramped at all. There's always events going on around campus, and the people are generally great. It's relatively cheap for the type of education that you're getting as well. The professors are hit and miss. I've some terrible ones, and I've had some fantastic ones. People here all share a similar story on that front. Off campus, Lawrence in general is small but packed with cool things to do. Mass St. is where all the bars and restaurants are. You'll probably find yourself spending plenty of weekend nights there. We're also located about 30 minutes away from Kansas City if you want to shop at the malls or do other things.", u"I love everything about KU. There is a lot of pride that comes from being a Jayhawk. Not only attending the basketball games in the nation's best stadium amazing, so is learning through KU. I have become a more well rounded person. I have learned so much more than I expected at such a young age. I absolutely love it.", u'For the most part, the University of Kansas is great. I chose this school because I wanted in-state tuition, and it has a top-notch journalism school.', u'Overall, my experience at KU has been a good one. I have been able to become involved in research in the biology department. I would like to see more help in locating summer internships.', u'I came to the University of Kansas because I was interested in the school of architecture. As a sophomore here at the University of Kansas my experience has been very good.', u'KU is a welcoming school that provides many opportunities for students to succeed. I found my home here as a Jayhawk and there is nothing quite like the atmosphere in Lawrence.', u'Good basketball program but very bad football program as the school is easy to get into and is very diverse because of it. The surroundings is in the middle of nowhere. Nightlife is bad because of it as the academics is mediocre. Some cute females are there but overall a decent school.', u"I have had a really great time at KU so far. It's a big campus that doesn't make you feel like a number while you're there. If you love basketball and love great academics, there's no other place for you.", u"My experience has been mixed. Love the program I'm in, campus is hands down beautiful, but some professors could be more receptive to the needs of students. Are they there for the students or strictly for the money and research? Actually teaching the material would be a great idea.", u'I like KU. The campus is clean, the people are friendly the professors are personable. There is always something for everyone to do.', u"University of Kansas is an amazing school that has anything you could ever want to be involved in. Academic programs are high quality and the campus is beautiful. Haven't had a professor that wasn't top of their field. There is so much school spirit and an overall friendliness on campus. The party scene is amazing, there's always stuff happening. The Lawrence area is a cool place to go and hang out with friends, get good food, and shop. I've never felt unsafe on campus and KU police are always around. Dorms are pretty nice as far as dorms go as well as the dorm food. Pretty good amount of diversity for a Midwestern school. Many choices for athletics through clubs and intramurals and obviously the men's basketball provides fun for home and away games. Football games are a lot of fun too despite not having a winning team all the time.", u"Mixed feelings. It's almost depressing how little problems such underage drinking and drug use are monitored. Some kids have told me they come here just because they know it's impossible to monitor 24,000 kids. As someone who came to college really wanting higher education, I'm probably biased in that I had no interest in sports) or a big social life. But if you come here, that\u2019s a highly viable option. And I think that\u2019s what most people want. It\u2019s distracting to more studious students, but such is college nowadays. To be fair, it's pretty impressive what the university has done. It has great social integration (full programs dedicated to colored students and LGBTQ) and that doesn't happen everywhere. They've given a number of ways for all kids to find what they want to do and give a pretty large number of resources to help. Far from what I envision as the ideal college setting, but for what its purpose is, I'm impressed. For my purposes though, it's just not what I want to see.", u'Everyone is super cool and there are a ton of class options and majors, as well as minors. Plus the study abroad program is amazing.', u'I transfered to the University of Kansas after my sophomore year and I was very nervous because it was a larger campus compared to what I was use to. Everyone on campus was very helpful when trying to find buildings and the professors were very welcoming and understanding of the shock from coming from a Community College. The administrative staff have been extremely helpful with answering any questions throughout my time here at KU and if they do not know the answer, they do a great job of pointing me in the direction to get the answer.', u'What I liked about the University of Kansas is the atmosphere of feeling like I belonged. Everyone on the campus is helpful and is willing to help you succeed. Each academic program that is based off certain majors are encouraging. Resources are available all across the campus and are willing to help one succeed with their major.', u'I really enjoy how friendly the atmosphere it has, and how open the campus is. It exposes you to different scenarios which is great. It would be nice if we had more diversity on campus.', u'My experience at the University of Kansas has been great. The campus is beautiful. It has a lot of historical values like the train horn that signals the late bell. Also the people are great it is a family atmosphere. Everyone who works for the campus is put in place to help you succeed.', u"I went to a campus visit and college fair at the University of Kansas couple of times. I love the environment, diversity, campus, local areas, mostly everything about the university. I would like to attend there to get a bachelor's degrees and major in Nursing. I also know the University of Kansas offers great scholarships and study abroad programs. I like the University overall, but I would like it even more if they offer more small class sizes.", u"The University of Kansas is an interesting university compared to others. It is diverse but separated by our up bringing which creates tension. Also the university lacks in its ability to help students in general because it is clear they only care about the money. The University of Kansas is an extremely fun place to go to school and it is a very good place to discover your self and acquire a degree. But in the end its just like any other college that is scamming it students for the money they've worked so hard to get so far.", u"What I really like about the University of Kansas is how nice everyone is. The professors are understanding and work with you to do the very best you can. I also really like the campus and how easy it is to move around on foot. You don't have to take a bus to get from one side of campus to the other side.", u"An overall positive experience so far with an inclusive atmosphere. A little concerned with the upcoming change in gun rules on campus as people will soon be allowed to concealed carry. Mrs. E's dining hall a little subpar. Seems to not be able to handle the crowd during rushes. Diverse class options so there should be not trouble finding a set of classes that challenge and interest you.", u'I\'m a current freshman at KU and I don\'t think I have ever felt more at home than on the hill. KU is such a welcoming community. I have been able to find "my people" which has helped me feel more comfortable with being an out-of-state student.', u'I feel very comfortable with the University of Kansas. I have many friends who teach at the university, and I am able to interact with them and see what the college is life. I enjoy campus, and the many friendly faces. The athletic programs are constantly involved in the community, and KU athletes are always welcome around town. the facilities are aging, but the university is pouring lots of money into renovations, and everything is very clean.', u"What I love about the University of Kansas is that the student life, and the atmosphere of campus. I love how I am able to meet many new people easily and love the busy atmosphere of the campus. Compared to other campuses, I noticed that it is a rather busy campus with a lot of events happening. Something that I don't like is the price of the university, and the lack of diversity. As someone of asian descent, I have heard some racially issues comments. But overall, the campus is rather liberal and that's another aspect I enjoy.", u'Transfer student...Overall great college experience, top notch education and advisors are always very helpful. Lots of resources and help.', u'The University of Kansas is a very good college and is very diverse. The college has great programs and even has their own Law School and Medical School. They have a very great staff of professors and provide a lot of information and guidance for incoming freshman and even for graduate students. My favorite thing about this college is that it has a career help center for students. It really is helpful if you do not know anything about what you want to do. They give different scenarios and examples of work environments, examples of hours they work, and much other important information into helping you figure out the perfect career path you are looking for.', u'I love it here! The people are amazing, the school is involving and fun, and Lawrence is a busy, beautiful town.', u"Greek life seems to be very prominent on campus. Though there are other clubs, greek life students seem to be involved in everything and are very to themselves making it hard for nongreeks to meet people. I love the academics and professors, but socially if you don't like greek life I would not suggest KU. The dorms are good, except you get what you pay for. The cheaper dorms (Oliver) are so much worse than the newer/more expensive dorms. Mrs. E's food is good, there seems to be little to no diversity, KU basketball is a fun event if you're into sport event, and I feel very safe on the beautiful campus.", u"I love my professor and the School of Music is GREAT. The parking is AWFUL, which is why I'm giving the school 4 stars, and there isn't a lot of cohesive introduction for grad students.", u'The opportunities in future careers that you have by getting a degree from this school are amazing.', u'I was very impressed by the classes at this school. Some classes are pretty big but mostly the classes are decently small. I like this because its easier for me to get the material and ask questions.', u'The campus is very safe. The campus police are always patrolling and watching out for people so that no one is in danger.', u'I enjoy the dorms quite a bit. I like that its come as you please and theres no one telling me when i have to be home.', u"I didn't get to get join a frat.", u'The football team might not be that good but the games are fun and the basketball is really good.', u'I love it here. the people are great and are very nice.', u'Lawrence is cute and fun little college town. Midwestern hospitality is definitely seen here which makes it feel more like home. Professors are always willing to help you any way they can', u'There will always be bad teachers that easily ruin your experience with a subject, and trust me I\'ve had them. They\'re terrible at grading, checking their emails, and honestly just awful at teaching... resulting in bad grades that reflect poorly on me. But I\'ve also had a fair share of great teachers. They\'re funny, interesting, understanding of your situation, and always willing to help. So I would say my experience so far would be half & half. I\'ve had as many bad teachers as I have good. And I\'ve heard from many sources that that is "lucky" which I believe shouldn\'t be the case. We should have more goof teachers on campus, and If that\'s too much to ask for maybe we should have more TA\'s willing to help when the teacher is not.', u"I'm a sophomore at KU and I have yet to be offered a job that works with my schedule. My freshman year I applied at the campus daycare and I never received a call back. This year I applied to three jobs and I just now got a call back from one of the jobs that I applied for in person last week. I've learned that online application don't work, even though KU constantly asks for online applications. The application process also takes about 30 minutes just to apply for one job. So to sum it up apply for on campus jobs takes too long when you have expenses that need to be covered now, and even if you take the time to apply it takes them forever to get back to you.", u"The main security on campus is great. My dorm room was never broken into last year, and the car I have this year has yet to be broken into. I use to take late night campus runs and I guess I was conscious about my surroundings, but i never felt completely unsafe. Going out is a completely different story. I almost always go out with guy friends that I trust because sexual assault is a prominent issue on campus. A girl in my Anthropology class was roofied just last week. I will never go out by myself, and I feel like that's an issue. I shouldn't have too worry as much as I do, and I do wish that would change on campus.", u"Some of the dorms on campus are fantastic. They look amazing, and I've heard the experience with them is excellent, but the price is steep. Since I'm struggling with money I picked the cheapest dorm (4,000) for the year and it was awful. Community bathrooms were always filthy, my room was a small box that I shared with another girl, the dining hall in my dorm was disgusting (I ate frosted flakes every other day because of it). I also was sick a majority of the year due to the germs lying around the dorm (I had strep twice that year). So to sum it all up KU offers great dorms if you can afford the steep price, but if you can't... you're screwed.", u'Greek life seems great. Personally I would love to join but the cost is too much. Many Greeks are exclusive. They sit in packs in class, and it\'s considered weird if you ask to sit by them. If you\'re not a Greek, you can\'t be associated with the Greeks. They seem to do a lot of work for the community, but they are mostly known for their parties. Housing for them is great, but there are more "bad" sororities than "good"; and this is based on their ethics. Some really focus on academics and being involved, while others focus on appearances and parties.', u"Basketball is crazy here. Everything revolves around it. Students are willing to skip class and camp just to get good seats at the game. It's crazy, but it's crazy fun for sure.", u"Most teachers are there to help, but the way they help a student is not always beneficial. Some tend to go on tangents about one topic, wasting an hour of your time. Some are very helpful, they believe there is no such thing as a dumb question and I appreciate that because it makes me more comfortable with learning new information. Another flaw with many teachers is that they forget I'm taking 5 classes. They believe I have all the time in the world to work on their assignments and properly study for their tests, when in reality I don't; simply because my other classes ask too much from me.", u'the campus is an extremely liberal campus and you are looked down if you are not a liberal.', u'I love going to the school, just wish it was more affordable and the price would stop going up for classes', u"personally not in one and don't care to be in one.", u'everyone is extremely nice and helpful when it comes to finding things.', u'Although I just finished my first week of college, I believe that Kansas University is a great campus and college to attend. The atmosphere is very friendly and kind', u'I have enjoyed my time at KU. I wish it was not so cliquey with the greek life and more engaging so that you had more opportunities to make friends', u"There aren't a lot of careers in animation in Kansas but I'm willing to explore my options.", u'I feel really happy that I get to attend KU. I enjoy the freedom I have to explore my educational and career options and love being on campus.', u'I feel relatively safe on campus, there are plenty of blue light centers about so if I ever feel in danger I have a resource to contact the police.', u"I don't live on campus, but the buildings seem nice.", u"I'm not apart of the Greek life at school but they seem to provide a charitable and friendly atmosphere to our college.", u"I don't attend any athletic events so I can't speak for the athletic department.", u'KU is a very diverse and exciting campus and offers a variety of opportunities and fun experiences to help me with my degree.', u'The school is prideful on their alumni having some come speak to the class about their experience and how they got the job they worked hard for to achieve. Most corporate businesses have a KU alumni which helps students.', u'Courses are hard but the instructors are awesome people who go far and beyond to help you be successful.', u'Never heard about to much crime happening on campus but i walk late nights from the library and the recreation feeling totally safe.', u'Living on campus is pretty cool with all the events that happens on campus and meeting new people.', u'Greek life is definitely seen around campus with some charity events that they do which is pretty cool when they get they whole campus involved.', u'With having one of the best basketball programs in division one college sports it plays a huge part in the school spirit around campus.', u'I truly love my university there is nothing in the world that could compare to the experience i received with hanging out with the most outstanding people to being taught by the most helpful and experience professors.', u'The professors will go above and beyond to help you find a job/intern. KU is very big on their alumni and bring them into classes and workshops to have students talk to.', u'I have never had a professor I did not love. All of the professors are very passionate about what they do and only want to see their students succeed. All of my classes were under 200 students. The professors will do anything to help you.', u'It is a big campus so everyone should be aware of their surroundings. KU has many safe programs to make students feel safe on campus.', u'I lived in the brand new dorm, so dorm life was great. I wished that the floors would have been more of a family like instead of staying to themselves. I think a good RA could have helped a lot with that. It is a walk from campus but a very nice location.', u'Greek life is a large part of campus. Almost all sororities and fraternities have houses on campus. Non-Greek members only support Greek life on campus.', u'I see student athletes in class every day. They are not treated any different in the classroom. Of course, they are praised by the students around campus.', u'Even though it is a massive school, I feel like a big family with students and staff.', u"Pretty much if you're not a basketball player, don't expect anyone to know who you are. Everyone loves to go to the football games for the first half even though we lost every game this past season. And of course there's absolutely nothing like going to a KU basketball game.", u"I could not imagine going to any other school. Even though it's quite expensive compared to some of the other schools around but every school is pretty pricey. I love the scholarship halls on campus, that really cuts down costs while still having the opportunities of living on campus!", u"I love my Professors so far and the class sizes are smaller than I expected. I'm pursuing studying abroad next year and they are extremely supportive.", u"I'm required to spend one semester in an Internship Program with my Degree and the college assists you in placing you in an Internship of interest to me.", u'The Campus is Well Lit and is very safe to walk around. The Campus police are very visible and do their very best to provide a safe environment and protect our community.', u"I'm living in the SAE Fraternity house as a Freshman and could not have picked a better Fraternity. I enjoy spending time with my brothers and reaching out to help the community. I always believe that an individual should be giving and that was part of my selection process. The Greek Life at KU is big but includes everyone.", u'I was previously the Captain of the Varsity Football Team at my High School. I am one of the most competitive people that you could ever meet. I consider this a large part of my college experience and feel very satisfied with my college selection.', u'Love the SAE house that I just pledged to this summer.', u'A school this size has many students interested in internships so it can be competitive but many are available.', u'Professors are experts and seem interested in what they are teaching. Some are better than others at providing opportunities to work with the students.', u'There are dark places on campus and I hear stories of parties that lead to unwanted sexual contact but that happens without preparing.', u'Dorm life is remote and not much near the halls. People are the best thing about living on campus.', u'The basketball team is insane. Huge blast to get involved spectating and even going to the gym is easy and clean.', u'KU is a very large school but has many opportunities to get involved. Classes can run big but great overall in discussions and engagement.', u'I have loved most every class I have taken and had amazing experiences learning.', u'The alumni network is amazing! Also KU is seen as a great school to have a degree from.', u'I feel very safe on campus, but know to be careful.', u'Student housing was a great way to make friends and also a way to get a job through the school.', u'Greek life at KU is a great way to get involved in the school and the community.', u'We have amazing athletic programs and support. The University of Kansas has always had so much fan support and school spirit for our athletic programs.', u'The University of Kansas has provided so many opportunities to its students. We have awesome professors who make themselves available to students and many resources including help at libraries, TAs and office hours. We also have amazing study abroad programs. There are so many clubs and organizations available as well that provide awesome experience for future life skills.', u'I knew that KU was the place for me after meeting with Vanessa Delgado and Mike Swann. Those two are easily the best conversations I had during my college search.', u"There are a good amount of job opportunities if you're willing to put in the effort and search for them.", u'I love KU, there could be some improvements made to aspects of the schooling. The classes are sometimes too large and the style of teaching could be more involving. Other than that, the courses and professors are pretty great.', u'More could be done to prevent sexual assault on campus.', u'I loved the environment and being surrounded by friends all the time.', u'I feel like greek life is centered around the wrong motives.', u'Athletics are huge at KU, especially the basketball team. There is tons of school pride that comes from it.', u"I absolutely love KU. There is a very diverse community there and tons of learning opportunities. I can't even imagine being anywhere else at this point in time.", u'On campus me and my friends feel very safe during the day and night, police are always going around making sure everything is good.', u'The courses are okay they all differ depending on what you are studying.The teaches are very good they are willing to help you out whenever you need it.', u'The career prospects look good from what I have seen and heard around from people on campus.', u'While living in the dorms can be a hassle its one the best things that can happen to you, you make so many great friends while living in the dorms.', u'While greek life is big on campus, most people really down care what fraternity or sorority you are in everyone is okay with all the greeks.', u"Although KU football isn't the best, it doesn't matter sense we have KU basketball and volleyball two of the best teams in the nation.", u"My overall experience so far has super awesome I didn't think that I would like my school so much. Definitely would tell my friends to apply and com to KU!", u"I never have class late at night, most of my classes are out by 7pm, so when I leave it's still daylight. I can't say that I have ever felt unsafe though, as there are safety and security measures taken that are easily accessible on campus. I also have the security office phone number in my phone and protective measure on my person, like key chain mace, if I ever find myself in an unfortunate situation. I think there is only so much a campus can do, and you need to be aware of your surroundings as well to make sure you keep yourself as safe as is possible.", u"I'm still relatively new, so I can't really speak for the alumni network or even internship or job projects. I have been introduced to the career center/services and that has been pretty helpful, but I mainly checked it out to see what it was and what they offered. However, I do plan to utilize a lot of these services as I progress down the road to Physical Therapy, as I believe they will be an incredibly helpful resource.", u"I am not really into Greek life, I have never been interested in it. I never pay attention to those who are a part of Greek life or think anything highly of them. I have noticed that some people who are a part of it, tend to think they are better than others, which is ridiculous. But that's a college campus for you, and you can choose who you want to associate with.", u"The sports at KU, no matter what it is, always seem to bring everyone together. Even if you aren't a big sports fan, like me, you still get really sucked into the excitement and joy from everyone else when it comes to rooting for your school. The energy is infectious.", u'I have been at a community college for the better part of 4 years, so KU has been my first university experience. I have yet to be disappointed by the campus, students, and professors. I have never felt more accepted or like I could comfortably talk with any of the faculty without being met with some kind of resistance like I have experienced before at prior schools. My experience here has been amazing so far, and I can only hope it continues throughout my college career while at KU.', u"Every professor I've had at KU has been knowledgable and skilled in their professions. They know what they're talking about and they want to give you the best education possible.", u"I typically feel safe walking by myself on campus, but I get nervous late at night because there are occasional reports of muggings and attacks. Sexual assault in correlation with Greek life is a big issue for KU, and has even made national headlines in recent years. It doesn't worry me because I take proper precautions, but it could happen to anyone.", u"I've never been to a frat party at KU, but they aren't talked about very often. KU partying is much more bar and house-oriented, because everything downtown is in such close proximity.", u"KU is notorious for having a horrible football team, so you'll never see a crowd at Memorial stadium. What we lose in football, though, we make up in basketball. We have THE best basketball team in the nation and it's a huge part of our campus culture.", u"Professors are friendly and knowledgable, there are countless clubs and organizations to be involved with, and the campus is breathtaking. KU is simply a great place to be. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else.", u'The party scene is fun without being dangerous', u'Safebus is great and runs from thursday to saturday', u'Workload is heavy-just what you would expect for college classes.', u'The campus is very diverse and accepting of minorities', u'Policy enforcement is pretty lenienent. Most students drink and party', u'The value of a degree from KU is very high, especially in nursing', u'Class variety was great. I liked all my different classes and my teachers were helpful', u'I feel very safe on campus. I will feel even safer once I am able to conceal and carry', u'Living in the dorms is a great option for first year students. There are always people around willing to answer your questions. I lived in Ellsworth. The dorms were nice and clean when we moved in and we were able to make our room home-like over the course of the year. Living in the dorms is a great opportunity to meet new friends and is an overall unique experience.', u"As a non-Greek student, I don't know much about the Greek life here on campus. They live in beautiful houses and are known for their parties that draw in a lot of people. Greek students are often seen as partiers and aren't really taken seriously by their non-Greek peers.", u"The school spirit at KU is unreal, especially during basketball season. Students will go to extreme measures to get good seats and tickets in the Phog. The basketball team nearly always leaves Allen fieldhouse with a win, and the players are friendly and like to get involved with the fans. The atmosphere at basketball games is very exciting and the students feed off eachother's energy.", u"My first at the University of Kansas was amazing. What makes my school unique is the always friendly atmosphere and the caring professors and students.Everyone is able to rally together whether it's to support other students or the talented basketball team. I love its beautiful campus and the city of Lawrence. While the costs are extreme and overwhelming for me at times, I would choose KU all over again for the people I met this year and the challenging education I recieved.", u"My School is a very good medical school. The students there are very nice and the teachers are always there to help! I love Kansas University and I wouldn't Want to go anywhere else.", u'The professors are very knowledgable about the topic they teach and I get very interested in my classes due to this. I like that my schedule has a variety of lecture types, ranging from 500 students to 20 students.', u'We have the best basketball team and the fan base is fantastic! Basketball truly brings the Jayhawk family together.', u"I feel safe whenever I'm walking around campus, even if I'm alone or it's dark outside.", u"The professors from this school are truly the most knowledgable people I've ever met! The staff and many resources this school provides really helps shape a plan to succeed in my career path. When I achieve my doctorate, even if it's not from KU, people will see my undergraduate degree and know I worked hard to get it. A degree from the University of Kansas definitely means something, plus the study body and alumni are more of a family than anything.", u"It's fun when you are a freshman", u'Basketball is something the entire school can bound on', u'The nightlife is very fun in Lawrence', u"I've enjoyed the parties I've attended", u"I've learned a lot in my classes", u"It's a very diverse campus. I like it", u'I think drugs are prevented', u'They do the best the can to prevent it from happening', u"I've enjoyed my classes her so far", u"I think there's a lot of opportunities in my field", u"I'm fortunate to be in the new dorm on Daisy hill Self hall. It's awesome! No ones lived here before so it's brand new and it's very nice", u"I'm very glad I am part of the Greek community. I love my house and have met lots of people from all over the country.", u"It's pretty good. It's not brand new like the University of Missouri but it's nice and has proper equipment and enough space to exercise.", u"I am so glad I attend the University of Kansas! It is rich in tradition and I love Lawrence. I've grown up going to football and basketball games here as my dad attended KU and now my brother and I do.", u"The school have a lot of confidentiality when it comes to the suspect so its hard to feel safe because you're not sure who's doing it or what's being done. It seems that the victims end up leaving and we don't hear anything about the suspect", u"Networking is pretty hard because it's not made so available, you kind of have to hunt for it. I wish it was made more available.", u"I've had some great professors here and some not so good. However, I have had more good classes than bad", u'So far, most of the dorms I lived in were old but because the people were so nice, it made it pretty fun.', u"I'm not too knowledgable about greek life but it seems that they do a lot", u"I'm personally not into sports, but everyone else here is very crazy about them.", u"It's okay, but since I started my education here, I plan on finishing. It is a great first school however I don't think it was for me personally. But school is school, it doesn't matter where you go, it's about what you do there and I have accomplished quite a bit at this institution and I'm thankful for it.", u'It could be worse but it is a very safe campus and they look out for all of us the best that they can.', u'My overall experience here has been amazing! I like that most of my classes are smaller which allows for more one on one with professors and students.', u'There are many ways to get an job/internship here and the university does a great job with helping you find one.', u"It could be worse but it's okay, there haven't been any safety issues that I have had to deal with so I feel very safe here.", u"I am not a part of Greek life at my school nor would I ever be, it's just not for me.", u"Our athletic department here at KU is really good, the only problem is that I don't think they give the same amount of attention to the academics as they do the sports.", u'My overall experience here at KU has been the best experience of my life. I enjoy my classes, professors, and the atmosphere here at KU. I would love to do it all over again if I could.', u"I feel safe on campus, but it's always safer to walk around on campus with someone else or in a group after dark.", u"I'm only a Freshman, so I'm not sure.", u"Any issues I've had have been minor and they've been addressed to my satisfaction. The advisors and professors in the School of Education have been inspiring and helpful.", u'The AC, heat and humidity need to be controlled better in Lewis Hall.', u'Delta Gamma is the best house with girls who really care about each other and the community we serve. Academics are a high priority.', u'KU basketball is the best in the country and other sports are great as well.', u'I love KU because of the excellent academic atmosphere and phenomenal extracurricular opportunities including Greek Life and sporting events. The campus is absolutely beautiful and I feel safe walking to class on campus.', u'i feel relatively safe on campus but crimes are bound to happen, KU takes these seriously and always has services available to assist with these', u'Campus courses have a wide variety to match your major or interests.', u'getting a degree from KU is a great honor and it looks great on a resume', u'living on campus is super convenient and you are able to get to know your peers better. Living on campus means you are closer to everything. Depending on the doorms you live in, rooms can be a little small but manageable', u"I am personally not associated with the Greek Life but they are always having fundraisers and are a big part of campus. If your a non-Greek you aren't looked at differently. People in sororities and fraternities seem like family.", u"Even though our football team isn't that good, people still show up and show their support. We have a lot of school spirit and when it comes to basketball we get super excited because we are one of the best.", u'The whole environment is positive and everyone is friendly and great. Your professors and advisers are there to help you succeed. It is easy to get involved in things you like and you succeed a your own pace.', u'I get plenty of emails advising me of all the opportunities out there.', u'I have always had a good advisor as well as good teachers who are there to help', u'I feel safe at the Edwards campus', u'I moved here from Colorado so this was my best option at a good education in KS.', u'The Jayhawks are highly respected and fans are everywhere. You cant attend this school and not care about the team!', u'Everything I could ever imagine and more.', u"Best parties are no parties. I would stay home any night of the week over going out. Bars are the best because at the vary least they have some security. I prefer to go to the Eldridge because that's where the adults are. Brothers is where you go if you want to get an STD. Almost everything else is a townie bar or brothers on a small scale.", u'Academics are what you make of them just like the entire college experience. However, professors have the ability to limit your experience. Meaning that if you notice one professor teaches several courses in your degree program, you aren\'t getting variety and will start to notice that occasionally they have no clue what they are talking about. You BS your homework and they can BS the lectures. Some professors are really good though. Do your research and don\'t take a class because it is "easy". That will hurt you in the long run. Take a class because the professor rated well.', u"I'm constantly exposed to people who's views, opinions and backgrounds differ from mine and it is amazing. This school is the center of the salad bowl.", u"If you get into drugs, you won't graduate and will be sucked into the ever growing population of people who live on New Hampshire on front porches. Drugs are easy to access and the ecstasy is meth. Again, ecstasy here is METH. Stick to marijuana if you want to try something new. The amount of people who live in the community center and have to get free mental health services because they burned out is overwhelming. They come from all over because the program for homeless is so accepting. So basically you are exposing your self to the worst criminals and drug dealers in Kansas/Missouri if you buy from anyone.", u"The availability of employment after graduation is what you would expect. I got a good useable degree but employment is competitive and unless you spent 4 years kissing your professors asses don't expect to get a position with a popular employer.", u"My classes at JCCC were better. I learned more and was better prepared by the professors at Johnson county. I would not take all your credits at KU get the cheaper credits at JCCC and get exposed to what learning is supposed to look like. KU prepares you well for the real world but the courses are dull and unenjoyable until you get into your degree program. Professors are self centered and typically do a lot of talking about things unrelated to class material. Don't hesitate to tell a professor off in the middle of class because they will absolutely do the same to you.", u'If you are an attractive female you will get raped if you try going out even once. The men here are creepy as they come and when they drink they are the most insufferable and vile things.', u"Don't live on campus outside of freshman year for the experience. Consider having an off campus apartment your freshman year to avoid the hassle of parking, odd smells and rude staff.", u"Greek life is ruining our campus. They are your TA, they let you in at the gym and are given power over pretty much everything. For a campus promoting it's diversity greek life gets shoved down our throats too much.", u"I wouldn't go to this school. If I were a high school senior starting all over KU would not even be on the list of options.", u'Almost everyone gets involved in athletics at some point. There are many options for involvement and diverse offerings of times and activities.', u"The department doesn't offer an many courses as I would like, so there isn't much to choose from. Despite this, they try to accommodate whenever possible and create solutions.\n\nMany professors don't have the best language skills or pedagogy.", u'Everybody ends up getting a job. It may not be their dream job, but I believe we will work up to it.', u'As a GTA I got training on how to deal with situations regarding my students, and I am glad I know what to do and where to go if I find myself in set situation', u"The program is good and the small department has its advantages. I didn't really apply to enough schools, so I could have probably gotten into a better one. If I don't take this into account, I am happy to be living here. The town is Great!", u'The Student Rec Center is absolutely amazing. The availability of Fitness classes, multiple sports to choose from, flexible hours, great facilities, awesome instructors and trainers. Is everything you dream of.', u'I feel very safe on campus, however, more lights around campus that come on at night would greatly increase how safe I feel after walking home from the library late at night.', u'all of my professors really care about what they are there to do: teach me everything they know as best as they can. I appreciate how passionate all my professors have been and how willing they are to talk to me if I do not understand something.', u'I have not really began attempting to get an internship on campus yet, however there seem to be plenty of resources and professionals that are more than willing to help me when that time comes.', u'I live in one of the more run down, older dorms but despite smaller rooms and some of the facilities breaking more often than other dorms, the community in Oliver Hall is very strong and makes it all worth it.', u'Although Greek life may get a bad reputation across the country, at University of Kansas Greek life plays a large role in the community and the kids in greek life are fun and friendly, despite your status in greek life.', u'Jayhawk basketball is some of the best in the country and everyone supports the team and lives the game together.', u'Although Kansas may get have a bad reputation as bland, flat and a state not even worth thinking about the University of Kansas is the shining jewel of this state. The people have shown me what it is truly like to respect and lift up all those around you, the academics and professors have given me the opportunity time and time again to excel and it truly this place has become home.', u'Really easy to apply, straightforward interview day.', u'Would recommend KU Med to anyone', u'I feel safe most of the time. I wish the busses had longer hours, though.', u'I have not finished my freshman year, so I am still learning my way around the availability of jobs, etc.', u'I live in a great dorm with plenty of room. There are interesting people up and down the halls.', u'I just joined a sorority and I love it.', u'There is great school spirit! Rock Chalk!', u'I am only in my second semester, but I love it here!', u"I am a very small person (under 5 foot) and as a rule I don't walk far by myself, but I don't ever feel like I am in danger in this school.", u"I love the challenge of the courses and how professors aren't afraid to make it hard.", u'It is a well respected institution with great alumni networking and a great career center.', u'If you like people, the dorms is the place for you.', u'I am not a part of Greek life, but I hear good things.', u'I love it and it sets me up well for my future!', u"I absolutely love KU. I am a cheerleader, so I represent and praise the school on a daily basis. My only complaints are how large the class sizes are, but I understand that's what comes of attending a large school. Rock Chalk!", u'The school is pretty safe for being such a big campus. I wish there were more street lights.', u'The professors are all friendly and accommodating.', u'The school of music helps students find jobs post graduation quite frequently; especially music therapist.', u"I don't live on campus. I live at home so I wouldn't know.", u'I am not a part of greek life and am not terribly affected by it.', u'The school seems to have a lot of school spirit and basketball is crazy.', u'I love studying music therapy at KU and have no complaints.', u'By far the best part of this school, our basketball team is one of the best in the country', u'KU has had a lot of issues with racism and discrimination lately', u"Greek life is very intense here and often overwhelming, but there's practically no social scene her outside of Greek Life soo...", u'I am going to say that though the application process is easy--still, I will digress to my last statement I made earlier in this survey.', u'They have great athletic facilities, but that is because they put so much money into them. They make it obvious that they care more about their sports teams than education. This can be easily noticed by how much money the school allocates to their sports programs and facilities. Granted I understand that a University really should say "I am a business", and thus they put more money into the areas where they get more out of their investment. But still, they could at least try a little bit to care about education. The whole research school thing is kind of a smoke screen because it mainly relies on what seems to be the top players in the medical, chemistry, and biology departments and isn\'t a very good representation of the "research school" aspect as a whole.', u"It's pretty safe on campus, just keep walking and don't wonder too much", u"I really like college at KU the professors are much better this semester than what I had last semester, and I'm figuring everything out. The quality of courses are challenging and I really like it.", u'Businesses would rather you come to them than you try and get a job when they come to campus.', u"I live in the new dorms and it's really good. I'm just rating on the other dorms which are old and not very nice at all", u"I don't care for it and would rather it not be apart of college", u'Basketball Heck yes!!!! Amazing experience and something not to ever miss!!!!', u"It's very expensive, and I'm having a hard time paying for college, but the experience is amazing and I love it", u'There have not been many major the problems on campus. The main ones that I can think of is that a few cars had been broken into but they found the guy and also there was a fraternity problem but that got figured out as well. There are help buttons located all around campus if you feel like you need the KU police to come and help you so walking around campus even at night is perfectly safe.', u'There are tons of job and internship opportunities on campus you just have to attend the events around campus. The career center/services is great they helped me find many places to volunteer that would help to provide a solid career opportunity in the future.', u'So far my professors have been great! They are easy to work with and great at teaching their subject. There is one professor that is kind of difficult for freshman level biology but after you get the hang of the class it becomes very easy.', u'Generally, I feel that KU offers many services to support a healthy campus.', u'There are lots of events that help with career planning and explore possibolities with majors.', u'KU has caring and talented professors and the classes are challenging and interesting.', u"I've made some lifelong friends!", u'For the most part, includes great people.', u'KU basketball is kind of a big deal.', u'I love it here! People, atmosphere, and education. Great school.', u'The dorms are fantastic. My floor is very outgoing and I have gained a lot of friends from the social gatherings offered to the floor. The options are also great because there are cheaper options and more expensive options in the the dorms and also the rooms also vary from 4 person suites to single person rooms. The cost is very nice considering it also includes a dining plan and the cleaning service is very good at their job.', u'I am personally a non-Greek but I have many friends that are Greeks. Greek life has a good affect on the social atmosphere on campus. Not only do they have good parties but they also have great community events where they volunteer their time to help the community. Greek students in my opinion are just like every other student except they have commitments to their house and the community that take up some of their time. There are all sorts of Greek housing opportunities. They have large houses and small houses and they are located all around lawrence.', u'The student involvement especially in basketball is huge. I have never seen so many people get so hyped and wait as many hours for a game as some of my fellow students. Also the KU sport teams are very good so watching them and cheering for them is worthwhile because we win a lot of the games we play in. The athletic facilities are fantastic, they are well kept and up to date equipment.', u"My favorite experiences is meeting new people everyday. Since the school is so large there are many different types of people that you can meet and everyone I have met so far has been very friendly. KU is very unique in the way that they are able to have various class sizes and even in the largest classes you are able to get one on one time with your teacher or TA's. I would choose KU again any day because of the experiences I have had while going here and the people I have met. The education that I have received has been very worthwhile because not only do they teach in a way that is easy to understand but they are also able to teach a lot of information in a small amount of time.", u"I don't feel threatened while on campus. I also think that the campus does a good job to keep us safe.", u'I feel like a lot of kids come here to get an education from a good school', u"No place I'd rather be", u"It's an awesome chance to meet new people.", u'They have a bad overall view.', u"Coming here was one of the best decisions of my life. Not only are the people I met completely awesome but the teachers here are so helpful. Everyone here has a great outlook on life and it helps that we're all Jayhawk fans!", u"Safety and security is okay but there's always more that could be done", u'Career services are helpful and easy to get a hold of', u'Teachers want their students to succeed', u'Housing was pretty good, rooms were okay sizes', u'Sporting events are the best part of going to KU', u"Love the campus and people I've met.", u'There have been multiple thefts and a few suspicious people and gunmen. This is one area where I wish I could see some improvement.', u'There are always internships and jobs readily available to apply to and our alumni network is very active and helpful.', u'Professors are very accommodating in almost every class. They are very engaging and help with anything you need', u"I live in Lewis and my experience has been great! A few thefts but as long as you always keep your door locked it's fine.", u'I am a Tri Delta and it has been the best experience of college so far!', u'KU Basketball is the best in the nation!', u"I love KU! Couldn't imagine myself anywhere else.", u'Im in the beginning of my program so i havent looked much into career prospects yet, although it does sound like the athletic training program has a lot of intership opportunities available to the students that make it through the program.', u'The big science classes, the important ones every student has, has only one class time for the almost 1000 students that need to take it. How is any student expected to learn when we arent treated as students but treated more like livestock in a slaughter house?', u'Nothing special, i see campus police drive around campus but i never see any out of their cars. Ive notice a surprising lacking number of security cameras inside of the classrooms/class halls.', u'Greek life isnt something im around too often but various experiences with random frat or sorority members has given me a negative emotion toward them. The men act high and mighty and the women refuse to hold a conversation.', u"The main reason i like the school so much is because of the friends I've made here. If i didn't have these friends i don't think i'd be enjoying my college experience.", u'Football is embarrassing to watch, Basketball is the only good sport here and currently the team is struggling', u'Watkins is really annoying to go to cause there is always a line but there are plenty of other resources in lawrence if you are sick. In regards to safety we could probably use more police poles (the blue light up things) but honestly theres usually security/police around and its not really unsafe.', u"There's obviously been times where school has been tough and I've wanted to quit. But all professor I've experienced have been very welcoming and supportive and love their jobs and subjects. The sizes are fine cause I'm not picky about that and it all depends on which course it is. Overall I don't mind going to school.", u"Almost everyone I know, and I'm a sophomore has had/or is getting an internship within the past year and there is an abundance of resources for you to chose from.", u"I lived in Naismith and I don't believe it could have gone better. I don't think any dorm is ever truey going to be perfect, except the new ones on daisy hill. But it did the job.", u"The only reason I wouldn't rank Greek Life as great is because of our Chancellor. She does not like greek life so it limits us is some respects. However, being a member of greek life I highly recommend it. Living in the greek houses is great and you meet amazing people. The greek community pushes you to be your best and we all work together and support each other when we need to.", u"I'm just gonna skip over out football because it's almost like it doesn't exist here except for tailgates. But our basketball is the polar opposite. Students continuously camp for game and were are constantly ranked some of the best in the country.", u'There\'s no place on Earth like Lawrence. The atmosphere surrounding the school is extremely welcoming and really gets you excited about KU. KU is unique because I don\'t think any school comes together like the Jayhawk community. People are polite and school spirit is everywhere. Our school is one of those "easy to get in, hard to stay in" the professors care about their studies and I feel as if I\'m actually learning. But it is in no way impossible. Work hard play hard is an understatement here. KU is one of the most underrate party school. And our BASKETBALL, is absolutely insane. If you weren\'t a fan, you will be. Rock chalk.', u'The safety and security on campus is very important.', u'My experience at the campus is very positive. The people are very frienship. I felll very happy in KU', u'The campus have variety the career. The employers are very competitive.', u'The housing are very clean and safe.', u'The Greek housing are not very available in University of Kansas', u'The sports are very important in the student community.', u'My college is the best, the college town is place very safe. The university offers a variety of academic programs.', u'I like my college experience.', u'watkins is known for not good diagnoses....skip it, go the minute clinic way', u'The J school is the best school ON EARTH', u"If you're in the j school, you're guaranteed a job post grad", u"I'm in the new dorms so they're fantastic, but I love living in a dorm", u"I'm in greek life and it's made a huge difference in my academic and social life. I wouldn't have made it through the first semester without my sorority.", u"there's nothing better than the KU atmosphere. best college, especially for the j school.", u'never seen an effort out towards it', u"Thankful that I'm in a valued fraternity. Network from that is priceless", u'Just not worth the money!', u'Too much revolves around greek', u'Academics are not worth the money. Students looking to get ahead are held back with all the others', u"I'd like to go to a school where pepper spray is not a necessity", u'the school is too focused on athletics', u"i don't think greek life now is what it was intended to be when they first started", u'a lot of school spirit', u'The school has a great community but I do not believe The cost of tuition reflects on the level of education', u"It's KU. It's a big name, well-respected, and gets a lot of attention. It is also really big. In order to find your place here, you have to look for it. There's something for everyone though. It can be overwhelming, but once you take advantage of some of the options offered to you, you can make it the place you want it to be.", u'There are a lot of things going on, but by the middle of the semester the frat parties die down and the school really becomes more of a bar scene. It can be fun, but repetitive. You really have to branch out to find house parties and smaller events.', u'Lots of fun if you know where to go. It is very much a bar scene, which can be fun but also repetitive and expensive.', u'I have felt challenged here but nothing was impossible to complete. When you get deeper into your major, the classroom environment gets better. Smaller classes make it easier to get to know your professor. I really love my program.', u'Lots of different kinds of people. Representation for minorities could be better though.', u"Basically, you do what you want. I've only heard of a few instances of drug abuse. The ban on hard liquor in frat houses has made a big difference too.", u"KU does an okay job with this, but not good enough. I always feel slightly uneasy walking home alone at night. I've heard rumors of shady things that have gone on in dorms. Living in a big building is frightening at times. You just have to be smart. The university will give you tips on how to take care of yourself and keep yourself safe, but you just really have to be on top of things. The campus police is good though and its nice knowing that they are always on the lookout. I'm just worried about what will happen if conceal and carry becomes reality in the future. As for health, our clinic is a headache in itself. You're better off going to the clinic at Walgreens.", u"It's fine. Nothing spectacular but nothing much to complain about. I have a bathroom and shower in my room and that has been great. The new dorms are ridiculously nice but also very expensive. Also just know now that Oliver's dining hall is way worse than Mrs, E's on Daisy Hill.", u"Personally, greek life has given me a place to call home and identify with. Recruitment wasn't easy though, and it is in its nature to make girls feel bad about themselves. Our recruitment counselors were great though and very helpful with the process. It definitely isn't for everyone though, and that's okay. It isn't a huge part of the school (only about 20%) but it has made me feel more connected with it and is a way to get involved and meet people.", u'Yes, KU basketball is incredible, but because it gets so much attention it overshadows all the other sports. It is the best team we have and the games are unreal to witness, but it seems like no one really cares about the other sports.', u"KU is huge. The campus is big, and there are so many different kinds of people. Anyone can find their place, but it may take time to do that. This is true at any state school. KU definitely stands out though. For starters, Lawrence is the perfect college town. It has everything you need: places to buy necessities, a cool downtown, fun locals, and things to do. It's a nice size and very welcoming to students. Also KU basketball is amazing. School spirit is everywhere and there is so much tradition.", u'There is always cops patrolling campus, and call buttons if you feel unsafe walking around campus', u'The courses are what you would expect for the degree I am pursuing and every professor I have met is more than willing to help you out in whatever way they can.', u'The alumni network, and the career center at this school will help you get your resume out in the world.', u"It's very typical of what you expect dorms to be like", u"It's about the same at other universities that I have heard from", u'The town has lots of things to do while still feeling like a small town. Also everyone who works at KU is extremely helpful for whatever you need help with.', u'depends on what building, Oliver is only good for the awesome people who live there, the building sucks', u"I'm not in greek life and have no desire to be, if you might be interested the are prominent", u'Obviously KU basketball is great, but feel like other sports are ignored', u'The health center is not as effective as it should be, both in physical and mental health areas.', u'We have good safety here', u'lots of people know KU', u'had 1 horrible professor bringing the score down', u'Most people see it as stereotypical Greek life', u'KU Basketball is the best in the country!', u'College is far better than high school!', u"Being a guy, I feel pretty safe on campus. I've never felt unsafe.", u'I think that my career prospects and the value of my degree are high because of KU.', u"I think I have taken many classes with great professors. Most of them have been nice and cared about my success in their class. I've liked many of the courses I've taken so far.", u'The dorms are okay, but that is what I expected. I liked the space in the rooms and thought it was nice to have the option of having a bathroom to yourself.', u'I love Greek life at my school. I belong to Sig Ep at KU and have met some great friends. I also believe our Greek Life is a way to join together and meet new people and have fun.', u"Ku sports are a huge part of my school. We have a men's basketball team that has been one of the best for many years. We also have many other sports that are highly recognized like volleyball, track and field, softball, etc.", u"I love going to KU and I've met a lot of great people. I've met friends that I will have for a long time, as well as people who are interested in my major.", u'Most of the classes on campus are pretty average. No new desks or chairs. Be aware most science based classes are very large and if you want any one on one with the professor you must meet with him/her during their office hours.', u'The University of Kansas has great degrees that can be applied to a variety of career fields and/or prepare you for post-graduate school. The School of Education is currently ranked #9 for best in the country! Strong academics = strong success!', u'Safety and security on campus have definitely improved over the years. There are plenty of safety boxes located around campus which will alert police you need help. There is also good lighting throughout the campus at night now!', u'The dorms on Daisy Hill are for the most part pretty average, however they just built a new building which is incredibly nice. The new building is nicer than a lot of the apartments in the surrounding area. Not sure on pricing though.. but based off the older dorms the value of campus living is somewhat poor. Unless you\'re looking for the "freshman experience" an apartment will be better for the price.', u"Sororities are much better than fraternities. Frat guys abuse the fact that they're in a frat.. they're power trippers and most of them would otherwise not have friends if they weren't in a frat. Frats are viewed as a place for people to pay for friends. If you're into Greek life you'll have your Greek friends but most non-Greeks will talk behind your back.", u"Overall the campus is awesome.. from academics to night life! There is also a lot of opportunities to get involved with extra curricular activities. If you're thinking about going, you won't be disappointed!", u'Athletics at the University of Kansas are very big! Basketball is number 1 and football follows at number 2. Always a blast and the fans are incredible.. overall great school spirit.', u'There are great instructors and there are duds, but I think you would have that anywhere.', u'I have felt safe on campus for the most part. I did have an instructor that gave exams from 8 to 10pm last semester and I always had a friend drop me off and pick me up rather than walk by myself at night. As a girl I think you just have to use common sense and be aware of your surroundings.', u"Being a freshman I haven't used the career center yet. I want to be a physical therapist and I belive their job placement percentage after graduation is verynhigh.", u"Courses are challenging and class sizes can be big. If you don't ask for the extra help you will struggle. In big classes you are just a student number and professors won't reach out to struggling students it is up to you to go to them. My experience with Teachers Assistants has been mixed. One adequate but poor instructor, one that had a thick accent making it difficult to understand his lectures, and others that were very helpful for the supplement instruction time offered by my science classes.", u'I live in GSP. Location is great to get to campus quickly. Easy access to get in and out of town.', u"There are 12 sororities, formal recruitment is a rough and exhausting week but worth it. I have been able to meet some really cool people through my Greek involvement. The upperclassmen have been helpful with selecting classes/professors, and giving guidance /tutoring in classes I'm currently taking.", u'Our football team is not so hot this year but basketball is great! Our volleyball team also made it to the final my this year.', u'I joined the marching band and immediately was surrounded by new friends that helped make a big university feel smaller. I also joined Greek life and that gave me another social group to help me feel like I had a support group as I adjusted to living away from home.', u"I feel safe, but my friends on the other hand were scared of my roommate, and the things he said. But I'll feel more safe when 2017 rolls around and I can open carry around campus.", u"It depends on the class. Biology, for example, had 900 kids, 2 professors, 14 TA's, and it was hard to learn. English, had about 20 kids, a TON of availability for office hours, and was one of the best classes my first semester of freshman year.", u'Most of my friends are the ones that live in the dorms.', u"They have a reputation for sexual harassment, but once you get to know some of those that are in Greek Life, they're some of the coolest people I know. Like the Chi Omega Sorority helps to keep campus beautiful, and they added Chi Omega fountain, and it's one of the most beautiful things on campus.", u"One word to be said. Basketball. The best in the Nation, and we're on our way to the top again.", u'Although we suck at football, there\'s still a sense of community, and family, and there\'s a hope in the air that we might win. When homecoming rolls around, school goes crazy, and we all gather around and hope that we might pull through a victory. Traditions night is important, in learning how to "wave the wheat", see Big and Baby Jay, but most importantly, we get to learn the ominous, droning sound, of the "Roooccckkk Chhhaaaalllllkkk, JaaaayyyyyHawwwwwkkkk, Kaaaaayy, Yoooooouuuuuuuu". It\'s an amazing experience, and I wouldn\'t trade it for anything.', u'Greek life is not for me, but for those into it, you will find a great atmosphere at the University of Kansas!', u'I love the University of Kansas, and hope to earn a Doctoral degree here!', u'Rock, Chalk, JayHawk, Go K U !!! Fear the Crimson Phog!', u"There's not a lot of hard drugs, but there's a LOT of alcohol and weed.", u'Best party school in KS!', u"The bars are the best. House parties are good. Frats aren't a lot of fun.", u"There are a lot of white, spoiled kids from KC, but if you can avoid them, there's plenty of diversity.", u'Classes are challenging enough and there are a lot of options.', u'Campus is a pretty safe place, as well as lawrence in general.', u'There are a lot of internships available for specific majors.', u"I like that there is a lot of opportunities, but it's easy to get overwhelmed.", u'By far the best courses and professors of all my educational classes and professors.', u'Safety measures are all around', u'I have heard they are the best of the best.', u'They are the best in making you feel comfortable, welcomed and ready to succeed!', u"It's nice, I just am excited to live off of campus.", u'A few are okay, mostly cliquey jerks unfortunately.', u"Bro... KU basketball... That's all I'm going to say. It's amazing", u"It's lots of fun, just a lot of work. Great college. Nothing huge I can say for it in praise, but nothing to dissapointed the school either.", u'Honestly, for girls some environments are not safe.', u"Dorms are great with the exception of Oliver Hall. However, they are very expensive so if you are a freshmen I'd strongly consider scholarship halls.", u"There are a ton of opportunities but you have to diligently search for those opportunities if you want them. The professors can be very preoccupied with research and earning prestige which at times can compromise their efforts towards their classes. However, most of them are passionate about their study if they've been doing it for a while. Some popular study areas are engineering, education, business and health professions.", u"Honestly, with the numerous reports of sexual assaults reported at fraternity gatherings, going to those functions seem sketchy for girls. For guys and girls, it mostly appeals to you if you're white. I don't know a lot of racially integrated Greek societies.", u'The best part of KU is the community I found in Lawrence through my church. These people really care and have had a huge impact on my overall college experience.', u'I live in a scholarship hall and I love it!', u"I'm not involved in Greek life, so I don't have much to say.", u'KU basketball is the best!', u"I love attending the University of Kansas. I know a lot of students feel as though they're lost among the masses at KU, but I don't!", u'With my original degree from KU, I could not get a job. With my second degree, I have always had the option of a job but not an ideal one. I do not anticipate this will change with continuing education rather I will have the option to get the job I want.', u'The courses are mostly good; general education classes leave something to be desired. The professors can range from great to worthless. The class size and styles are larger but learning still does take place.', u'There are multiple accounts of sexual assaults being swept under the rug and KU does not openly admit it and try to find a solution. So they happen again.', u'I never lived on campus and will continue this tradition as well.', u"I don't really bother with the Greek life at KU and will continue this tradition.", u'I certainly made a few mistakes through my undergrad and graduate schooling that has resulted in wasted time and effort that could have been avoided if I had had a good adviser.', u'The athletics department override many other departments on game day but it funds the school.', u"I think it's okay because nothing has happened to me on campus yet. However, I've heard stories about things that have happened in the past year that haven't been addressed or taken care of. There's a solution but it seems like the campus doesn't want to deal with it because of how long is taking to replace a faculty member.", u"Part of the reason I chose to go ahead and enroll at KU was because it is a well-known school and there is possibility the name benefits me in my career, which is in the sports industry. The Alumni are involved and want to help students find internships, jobs, and other career opportunities. They'll help you look at other schools for continuing education and share their experience, like a mentor would. The career center has been helpful in building resumes and creating cover letters, the writing center helps to edit those also.", u"There's a lot of courses offered that can fulfill the KU Core requirements but students are not encouraged by professors to take them, my advisors haven't really pushed it either but your peers and friends will encourage you to if they've enjoyed it themselves. The TA's I've had haven't been helpful for me but I also wasn't in their faces asking questions all the time and they didn't really know me. However in discussion sections the TAs are able to get to know you and work with you a little more, but there was one time I asked a TA for help on a paper and he didn't even open my e-mail when I sent it (And he was expecting it). I don't feel like the big classes are priority because professors don't know the students or don't take time to connect with students, which I feel makes them unapproachable. Only your general education classes will be large classes with 400-990 students like Sociology or Biology.", u"I've had roommate issues, but that's expected. I live in GSP (Gertrude Stellards Pearson) and it's convenient to live a little further from campus because it's a little more quiet, there's also a dining hall which is similar to Mrs. E's on the hill, and it's a nice walk to Jayhawk Blvd.", u"I don't know much about Greek Life and how to participate in them. I've become a little interested in joining because it's like a little family where people help you, find help for you, look out for you and make sure you're okay in your academic life and personal life.", u'The recreation center are one of the most popular places on campus, students go there all the time. The basketball team is extremely well known already but getting into a game seems a little bit more important to students than their classes.', u"The academics have been good and my academic advisors are extremely helpful. I've gotten close with a few upperclassmen enough to look at them as mentors and they have been helpful as well. There's a little lack in the social life off campus and there isn't much going on campus and if there is no one really knows about it as if it is a hush hush event.", u'Workload is acceptable. Again, some professors are hard, some easy even though they teach the same class. Consistency should be addressed.', u'I have never felt unsafe while on campus. However, I am a male so that could play a role.', u'The professor you get has a surprisingly big effect on how your class will go. One professor could be really fun and engaging while another puts you to sleep. One may have ridiculous tests while the other is a walk in the park. Since it is the same class, I would have liked to see more consistency between difficulty and interest.', u"I am in the Exercise Science program. They provide unpaid internships your final semester but that's it. Meanwhile, my engineering roommates get paid $15 an hour working internships every summer. It would be nice for them to offer career fairs like these other majors so students can get that experience and financial support.", u'Not bad. Not great. Kind of depends on who you live with. Some people like to have fun, others do everything they can to limit your fun.', u"Frat guys are all the same. Sorority girls are all the same. If you aren't in a house they won't talk to you. They show off daddy's money like nobody's business and act like they did something to earn it. Really just makes you want to punch them.", u'Basketball is awesome. Always has been. But football team needs to improve. Enrollment and funding would likely be much greater with a competitive football team.', u'Good exercise science curriculum. Allowed me to get into physical therapy school. I think some of the courses are very unrelated to the major, however.', u"Choosing to attend the University of Kansas was a decision that I could not be more pleased that I made. If given the opportunity to choose all over again, I would absolutely still pick KU. The classes, in my experience, have been appropriately challenging while still being fun and enjoyable, and the teachers I've had are so supportive to their students and passionate about what they teach. Any advisers I've met with (undergraduate, major-specific, financial, etc.) were so kind and eager to help, as well as available and quick to respond when I had any questions. Overall, my academic experience here at KU has been top-notch.", u'I love KU. Living in the scholarship hall is great too. It is an unique feature of KU, not many universities have them. It is like a dorm but it is only 50 other guys who also excel in school. I have met lots of new people and have good classes that make me study hard for. I am looking for a research opportunity right now.', u'I love the college which is due to my class experience and dorm experience.', u'KU, despite being similar to most public state universities, has been a great place for me to grow throughout my college career. I love the school and since I lack the funds to afford to go out of state, it is my best option.', u'University of Kansas values their students receiving an education as much as their students receiving a degree.', u'KU is very friendly at face-value, but not once you get any deeper into the University and its programs. Administration sees you as a number with a dollar value attached, not as a person; and if you slip up and have a semester of low grades, especially early on in your academic career, you will find no assistance from the University, they\'ll simply tell you, "Good luck!" as they push you out the door.', u"My school has great traditions, along with a large list of courses/majors to choose from, lots of places to explore, and outstanding campus resources. The only problem I have with my school is that TA's teach most of the math classes I have taken, which turned into a struggle for understanding material taught.", u'I love it here at KU so much. There is not a thing I would change about the quality of life or schooling here. Also, Lawrence is beautiful and it is a great college town and I feel right at home. It is my dream school and attending this university is like a dream come true every single day. We have so many amazing traditions and the best basketball team in the nation. I would choose KU every single time, no matter where I got accepted to. There is no other place in the world i would rather be.', u"My first semester at KU my freshman year I fell in love with my school. The professors are extremely helpful, we have so many resources that are provided for us, and there's a place for everyone. Even though KU is a big school with a lot of students, KU is a very home-like place and once you're a Jayhawk, you've instantly become a part of another family. I feel so blessed that I get to KU and I wouldn't want to go to any other school.", u"It is just really expensive, and I'm not happy with paying TA's to do the professors' work.", u'This is an alsome school because of the amount resources available to students on and off campus. This also a research university and I am very interested in that and that is why I am where I want to be. The professors are caring and very respectful to their students. Assignment becomes easier because professor makes it easier to understand. The University of Kansas has taught me sufficientcy and great achievaible knowledgeble. As a freshman of a first generation in my family my first year experience was great because I learn alot. It is worth it.', u"I've loved the opportunities that my school has set out for me. My advisor is always open to meeting me and my teachers check their emails constantly. The school spirit is extremely evident and the sense of community is warming.", u'What I love most about KU are the traditions.', u"I haven't been here for very long yet, but it seems okay so far. No big complaints or praises.", u'I would choose University of Kansas again because it is like a hidden gem. Not many people know just how great of a school it really is.', u'Campus is beautiful and the academic programs really prepare you well for the workforce after college.', u'I have had a great college experience so far. I have gotten extremely involved in the Catholic Campus Center and have loved it. As for classes, they have been difficult, but for the most part they have been enjoyable', u'I loved the diversity that the University of Kansas has to offer. I came to college without an idea of what I wanted to study or what I wanted to do after graduation. As I immersed myself in different student organizations, I was able to find my niche. I started off as a business major, and finished as a Community Health Education and Pre-nursing major. I became president of the Community Health Outreach Program and truly felt like I was able to make a difference in the health of our local community. Of course, you have to balance out studying and student organizations with having a good time. That is where KU basketball comes in! I never knew one sport could bring a student body together like basketball can. During the day, we are all students from different walks of life, studying different subjects. On game day, we are all one big Jayhawk family, waving the wheat and singing our alma mater as the Jayhawks bring home another win. There is no place like home. Home is the University of Kansas.', u"KU is big but not too big, the sports are great (especially basketball), classes are not too hard and not too easy, the honors program isn't too hard, and there are many opportunities for gaining experience.", u"I haven't yet begun school, but I'm eager to start and begin to discover who I really am as a student and as an individual.", u'Have had a lot of fun meeting new people and learning to be on my own.', u"I would describe my experience in KU as 'tasty'. From the very welcoming orientation to the rich and engaging lectures, my experience has been made complete by the helpful facilities the university has thoughtfully provided. I love the beautiful campus decorated with flowers and colorful trees in Spring and Fall. We have a writing center that helps with any writing assignment, free buses to get us to classes and some parts of town, an advising center that helps with academic issues, nice cafeterias, friendly teachers and a comprehensive healthcare facility on campus. The student associations host fun activities like volleyball, parties and movies from time to time - campus is never boring.", u'The University of Kansas is not only filled with athletically inclined students that represent the school through basketball, football, and other sports but it is filled with friendly, caring, and helpful faculty, staff, and students. The campus is large and has a lot of helpful means of transportation such as the bus and Safe Ride (which are both free to students), but the campus also offers safety to students by using Safe Ride as an option when leaving night classes, and providing emergency phones all around campus. The school is set in a beautiful town that will take your breath away. When you hear the word Kansas you imagine a boring and flat state, but Lawrence is the opposite of that.', u'I love my school. Would not change it for the world', u'I love being at KU, it has opened me up to new experiences and had given me the knowlegde that I can further use in my career path. Being part of the architecture program at KU has given me confidence in my major and has given me the opportunity to learn from amazing professors and also meeting new people and gaining not only friends but family. KU is a WONDERFUL school and I am proud to call myself a Jayhawk!', u'The only factors in a school that I was looking for were the environment and opportunities. I need to feel accepted, safe and like I would enjoy my next few years at the University of Kansas and I definitely believe that it will be a great time and the opportunities will never end.', u"I love my school and I wouldn't have chosen to go anywhere else", u'I fell in love with my school since day one. I always knew that was the school I wanted to go to.', u'The people are really friendly and they wish the best for you', u'KU is an amazing school, although it is very expensive.', u'I recently went on a mission trip to Haiti through my school and that was an amazing experience. I really love how college gives you the opportunity to see the world. I also enjoy my professors and the life long friends I have made while in college.', u'I love the diversity of the campus. As an international student it makes me feel more welcome', u"The classes are difficult but for good reason, other than that it's the best of the best", u"It's a university that comes together through basketball, so sports are a huge deal. Most people are overall friendly and it's not too crazy of an environment.", u"It was a great survey. It really made me think about my choice of college. In the end, I would still pick my school. It's the perfect distance, it's the school I want to prove that I can do this on my own.", u"It's a great school and there are many clubs and opportunities to meet people and get involved. I just wish I had the time to interact in these programs.", u'The University of Kansas is built upon many years of tradition, which is one of the best things about coming to this university.', u'I would have preferred a college in a larger city. Since I plan on getting business/accounting degree, it would have possibly given more opportunities. The out of state tuition was too high for my budget.', u'I am very glad that I chose to attend KU. It is close to home, but I still feel like I can have fun and be responsible on my own. I have made life long friends here and I feel that I have received the education I planned on.', u'Lots of fan support and team spirit during march.', u'I dont have much experience with greek life.', u'This get too crazy in lawrence.', u'So much at Mass st.', u'Parking staff is very strict', u'Its okay, you have to watch what you eat.', u'You have to talk to your advisors', u'I love the many restaurants especially on Mass St.', u'I am an East coast/Southern girl so I enjoy home cooked meals with a nice glass of sweet tea or water. Some times the areas can be loud and crowded. But everything is hot and ready for you when you come.', u'The campus is beautiful and the school offers a lot of facilities for the students.', u"Lawrence is an AWESOME town. There is a pretty big downtown area (Mass Street) with lots of local restaurants/chain restaurants of every variety. Anything you're in the mood for, you will find and it will more than exceed your expectations. The options are really endless--and there are plenty of options outside of the downtown area as well. If you have the money for off-campus dining, you don't have to go far to find a good place to pick up burgers, pizza, Mexican--whatever you're in the mood for. And the KU website provides a website with the list of restaurants that take Beak 'em Bucks from your meal card too which is a big bonus.", u"Crime isn't put as a priority but it was last on the list", u'They are extremely the best !', u"i don't care for them", u'They are great and affordable', u"They are AMAZING especially when you're with your friends", u'Financial aid is a hassle but it was not stressful. Tip wise, make sure to do the FASFA and other aids early as possible', u'I was not hyped about living with 3 other females but my room came with a full bathroom and walk in closet. I enjoyed the space and the hospitality. It was a little pricey but the amenities given; bathroom,living and kitchenette, cable and wifi.', u"I would do it all over again. As a college freshman, moving to a brand new place where you don't know anybody (especially out of state in my case) can be really scary. But all of my worries about college disappeared after the very first night. The school did an excellent job of providing fun events to get freshmen and new students acquainted with each other and comfortable with being in a new place. Living in the dorms especially was the best experience and brought everyone together.", u"Since Kansas City is only 35 minutes away, I'm sure there are endless internship opportunities. As long as you don't get too caught up in the party scene and take your classes seriously, getting a degree from this school should be easy. The career center is always there and there are always people on campus who are more than happy to help you.", u"I don't really have any complaints besides the cost. The acceptance rate is 92% for a reason--they want people to attend because they want your money. For that reason, I wouldn't expect a very exceptional academic experience from this school, but probably no better and no worse than any other big university. The school will also charge you for everything, and I wish they would offer students a little bit more for how much it costs.", u"Lawrence is really the perfect college town. Probably the best in the country. It's not too big and not too small. Traffic is not bad, there is always something to do, the scenery is beautiful, the downtown is beautiful, there are nice parks, the area is safe. It's only about 35 minutes away from Kansas City. There is also such a strong sense of community in Lawrence, the locals are really friendly and there are people of every age group so it definitely isn't just a college town. I would definitely live here after college.", u"KU is such a big school and just like any big university, you'll meet any kind of person you can imagine if you put yourself out there. You're probably most likely to meet somebody if you live in the dorms--this is the best way to meet people and make friends period. Probably the majority of guys/girls are the sporty athletic type, or the stoner type... But it's definitely not limited to that. All kinds of people here, and everyone is really friendly.", u"I never felt unsafe on campus. There are emergency telephones all around campus and all the students I met were very friendly, nice people. I think KU really cares about students' safety. I always see the university police around campus", u"I actually don't know much about Greek life besides my experience attending frat parties. A lot of my friends were involved in Greek life, and a lot of my friends were not involved. I don't think it really affects your experience at KU. You definitely don't have to participate in it to be popular, I never felt pressured to be apart of it.", u"One word: BASKETBALL. This is obviously what people are excited about at Kansas. Allen Fieldhouse will be completely packed from the first exhibition game, to the last home game of the season. It never ends. And if you aren't a basketball fan before you come to KU, trust me, you probably will be by the time you come here. It's really hard to not be excited about basketball when you are in the birthplace of it.", u"I haven't explored the off-campus housing options because I've only lived in the dorms, but just from looking online out of curiosity, the prices look really good. And there are so many cute houses in Lawrence close to campus that would be an excellent choice for a group of friends splitting the rent. I think all of the neighborhoods in Lawrence are all very safe too so I'd never feel worried about safety.", u"KU is a party school--we all know this. Frat parties can be fun if you're a girl; most frats will not allow guys to come in, or they will charge guys to get in. If you're a girl you can get into any party for free pretty much. House parties will usually charge guys for cups, and girls get them free. So guys: if you're planning on going to a house party, make sure you bring $5 with you just in case.", u'The RA\'s in the residence halls are really chill. My first RA (who later was replaced by a new RA) was the only "strict" person. There was an incident where people were drinking a little in my dorm room, and word got to my RA so she knocked on my door and once I opened it she barged through and started examining my room (which luckily there was no alcohol in sight), but she reported it anyway trying to get everyone in trouble and she ended up getting kicked out of the residence hall for walking into a room without permission lol.', u"If you live on Daisy Hill where most residence halls are located, you will be eating most of your meals at Mrs. E's. It can be okay, and SOMETIMES really good, but there is not always much variety. The salad bar always has the exact same stuff and really isn't that good. You can get sandwiches or pizza pretty much every day but it isn't good. And if your class schedule doesn't give you a break during the busy prime lunch hours (11:00--1:00ish) and you have to eat at an awkward time, you will be eating cold food that has been sitting out for 15 minutes.", u"I don't really know a lot about KU's financial aid process.", u'There are a lot of housing options on campus. I lived in McCollum Hall my freshman year, and even though the dorms there were really crappy and small, the social atmosphere made it worth it. Housing is kind of expensive though, especially when you consider how little you get with it. For how much it costs, the school should at least offer free usage of laundry facilities--but nothing at this school is free.', u"They're there. but not very in your face", u'It was okay, KU has trouble with getting it all done, however, the financial aid office is very willing and helpful to try and make it easier on the student.', u"For the size of Lawrence there is a large variety of restaurants but quantity doesn't always equal quality", u"If you're a Greek it's great, everything you would expect. If your not it doesn't really matter.", u'There are a lot of apartments and old houses for students to rent at all price levels', u"The downtown scene is great if you're 21+", u"The campus police don't have a noticeable presence", u"There aren't many options for out of state or transfer students.", u'Typical of a state school', u'I wish the process was simpler, but I got the aid I needed.', u'You get more freedom, but without a car your dining, shopping, and entertainment choices are limited.', u"Nothing says 'party' quite like watching Netflix alone and eating ice cream.", u'There actually is a lot of choices off campus, but keep in mind that some of them are rather far.', u"They're pretty whatever about what goes on unless it may get out of hand.", u"Eating at E's is a crapshoot. Sometimes the food is amazing, and other times it is retch-worthy. It is food however, and it is better than the ramen you might consider eating.", u"Housing is okay. Having freshmen throwing up in the bathroom @ 3 am is not the best wake-up call, but it's better than the fire alarm going off @ 5 am. The dorm halls and meeting areas are cleaned weekly, but you probably wouldn't believe that because they always look like a tiny tornado went through them.", u'The financial aid officer at Edwards campus is terrible. Find someone else to help you.', u'Takes some patience to get through.', u'There are so many great people here.', u'Watkins Health center is a blessing. Make sure to bring a copy of your insurance cards just incase you need it. Sexual assault is not a big issue on campus but I also think it not talked about enough. In my experience alcohol is not usually a factor. Report anything you feel uncomfortable about and KU will be more than happy to help you.', u'It varies person to person. The only way for you to know is if you go check it out for yourself.', u"KU is known for it's basketball program so you know we have our sport facilities decked out. The Ambler Rec Center is really nice and if you are able to get off campus go to Rock Chalk park for even more workout awesomeness. You can life at the Rec but if you want to do olympic/competition style lifting you have to join the lifting club, go to Rock Chalk Park or join a gym. Rock Chalk park is my favorite.", u"Lawrence has lots of apartments like Legends Place or The Connection that offer lots of amenities. There are also town homes that offer lots of perks as well. If you want to you there are always houses to rent with friends. I recommend living in a house or town homes because of more space and less noise and in my case lower cost. Lawrence isn't very big so commuting to class shouldn't take more than 15 minutes by car and less than 30 minutes by bus if you're at The Connection. The buses are very nice and really the rides to off campus housing by bus is usually less than 20 minutes. You'll have to look for housing on your own because the union holds an open house type thing but really you're on your own but it isn't hard at all and everyone in the community is used to all the students and are very helpful.", u'Once you make some friends (trust me you will find people) there are parties all over. Also yik yak sometimes helps. LFK.', u'Lawrence has the best variety of foods outside of Kansas City. There are vegetarian/vegan options in most places and the pizza or asian or whatever your late night fancy is, its open and its cheap and its delicious. You will quickly figure out your top three pizza places and you will love how fast delivery is for anything you have delivered. If you just want to have some actual food for dinner instead of that dorm diet, your tongue will be overwhelmed by the delicious quality of food. There are restaurants for everyone and the best part is that they always are updating their menus and there are new places opening. You will not get bored of the food in Lawrence.', u"It's a college campus so of course there is going to be underage everything happening at some point, they can't catch them all. However, if you are caught your punishment can range from community service and no record to serving time but it depends on what you get caught for. Watch out for KU parking, they will ticket you and especially during basketball games. The campus, and Lawrence itself, is a very safe place and the officers really are there to help you. The SafeBus program they have is a big help, too.", u"Keep in mind I lived at Naismith Hall which is a dorm but it's private so not affiliated with KU Housing. It's great because the majority of the food is cooked by actual humans and not just heated up. There are different things to choose from and it is never overcrowded like at Mrs. E's where you have one dining hall for all of Daisy Hill. If you are a vegan you will have an easier time at E's and if you're a vegetarian you will be just fine at Naismith. Living at Naismith is also anywhere from $800 to $1200 cheaper than living on Daisy Hill and I think it is a better value because of the quality of the building, the amenities and the food. If I had to eat anywhere else on campus I would pick the Burge Union, the Union or The Underground. Mrs. E's is a last, last resort for me.", u"It really depends on which hall you get into. There is really only one hall that is bad since they are building two more brand new ones. The rooms are actually bigger than the other college dorms I toured before and the community is amazing. It's college so the rules are a bit lax at times but for the majority of the time everyone is respectful of the rules, especially during finals. The best thing for studying in the dorms are the lounges on each floor. You can always find someone in there who can help you if you get stuck on homework or just need a friend. The reason I gave the rating of 'ok' instead of 'great' is because in my hall, but not in all halls, we had community bathrooms. I think that speaks for itself but honestly as a girl it was not terrible and there was only one bathroom nightmare so you'll make it.", u"There's a lot of houses near campus and some apartment options too but prices and quality aren't great.", u'I love going down to Mass. Street and trying something new, there so many different options to choose from.', u"There's always something to do in Lawrence and there's plenty of options if the bar isn't your scene!", u"I had a good RA, but some of my friends had a bad experience with their RA's being too strict", u"My scholarship wasn't great, but that's okay", u"Food isn't the best, but there is always options.", u'Dorms at Ku vary, some are pretty old where as others are newly renovated. In the fall of 2015 the university is going to be opening up two new dorms and demolishing one existing dorm, I hear that the new dorms are suppose to be pretty nice. Campus us beautiful, a nice walk to and from class, even though there are some hills. If you live in GSP or Corbin you are right in the center of all college fun- a couple blocks from Massachusetts street, where the best shopping in lawrence happens, a few streets over from all the college bars and hang outs and just up the hill from the football stadium!', u"The landlords that we've talked to so far seemed pretty nice and approachable. Housing in the area is reasonable and affordable. The town is dotted with bus stops so it's rare to find an apartment complex without access to one.", u'There are little shops dotted around the area easilly accessible by bus. I love to just walk around and find new little restaurants for me to try.', u'The administrators can be busy just because of the sheer number of students who need help. But they get to you when they can.', u'The Gear Up scholarship has a bit of a delay to it which made me worry a lot during the first few weeks of class.', u"The food here is not bad. There are days when the food just looks so unappetizing and I just don't want to eat any of it.", u'The building that me and my boyfriend lived in is scheduled to be torn down after the 2014-2015 school year. Nobody maintained anything and the building was in bad condition. I would have rather just lived in an apartment.', u'KU is an awesome, unique school and I would choose it again 100 times!', u"A degree from this school means a lot, and it gives you a great chance of getting a job over a lot of other schools, however this depends on your degree and what type of job it is. Overall it's a great choice for future job prospects!", u"Many off-campus housing options, but the closer they are to campus and the nicer/newer they are, the more expensive they are as well, but it's usually worth it!", u'When it comes to underage drinking and drug use at KU, the campus is strict and enforces the laws.', u"Living on campus makes attending KU easier, since everything on campus is within walking distance or on the bus route. There are a variety of brand new dorms to choose from or there are older options, and the social atmosphere is awesome! It's friendly and fun, yet everyone takes their studies very seriously.", u'My experience with off-campus housing has been great! My house has a bus stop a block away that takes me to campus when I need to get to class, but it only comes twice an hour and it sometimes late. Our landlord is very nice and helpful in providing us with help with maintenance and repairs on the house when needed. Our house is located on Tennessee Street which is awesome because we are very close to Mass Street where a lot of food and shopping areas are, as well as a lot of bars. Sometimes parking can be a hassle because Tennessee is such a busy street. Overall my off-campus housing experience has been great!', u'The off-campus dining near my school is great. There are a very wide variety of options to choose from which is very nice. A lot of great food places are on Mass street and located near shopping stores and other fun places to visit so a trip to Mass street is always a great experience. There are also a couple of great food delivery options that are open late-night.', u'The party scene at my school is great. There are a lot of different places where parties happen frequently. If you want to go out during the week, dollar night at the hawk is the place to be. Everything is a dollar and it is always packed. If you want to go out on the weekend, any of the bars are usually crowded and fun, there are also a lot of fraternity parties on the weekends, though that is not my favorite scene. House parties are also very fun if you know some of the people there.', u'The financial aid process went pretty smoothly at KU for me. The staff at the financial aid office is very helpful and available to answer any questions you may have. I had some problems filing for financial aid this past year due to a fire in my home that destroyed important documents that I needed to file financial aid, but the financial aid office was very understanding and helpful through that process.', u"The food options on campus such as the underground and the pulse are great. They have a pretty wide variety of food options available and usually have enough staff working to handle the amount of people that come in to get food. The coffee at the pulse is amazing! I think it's even better than Starbucks! However, the food in the dorms (especially Oliver) is awful. Not many options or choices for food are available daily and it is often hard to find healthy options.", u"Living on campus was my best experience in college. The friends I made in my dorm freshman year are still some of my best friends. I loved the social atmosphere of the dorms. There were always people to talk to and people to hangout with. Sometimes the dorms were not the best place to be when I needed to focus on studying because people got loud and distracting. The bathrooms and showers were not spotless but they weren't very dirty and were cleaned often. The internet connection was not great but it worked enough to get homework done. My dorm was close to campus so on nice days I could walk to class. Busses came by the dorms fairly often as well to take students to campus. Overall my dorm experience was a great one!", u'KU could have a better sexual assault policy.', u'Greek life at KU is okay.', u'KU is a very athletic school.', u'The off-campus housing is okay.', u'Off -campus dining is normal for any city.', u'The financial aid at KU is okay, but it is not the best.', u'The campus housing and the dorms are okay at the University of Kansas, however the cost of housing is so quite expensive for the quality', u'There are a ton of options for students including low rates and animal friendly apartments.', u'I hardly ever eat off campus but from what I hear, it is pretty decent food.', u'There are really very few rules that must be followed on campus.', u'The loans are set up oddly and are hard to handle. I also dislike that the loans mainly go through my parents.', u'It is fairly decent food and there are a lot of options.', u'Overall, it is exactly what I would expect from a college dorm.', u'I think that it is amazing. Some unhealthy but still very good', u'It depends on where on campus you live. Some places are rough but the new dorms will fit in perfect.', u'There are many different off campus housing options and the availability is pretty high too. Almost all options are pretty close to campus or campus transportation. Some areas of Lawrence are safer than others.', u'There are tons of off campus dining options that very from type of food and cost. Dining in Lawrence is always a new experience.', u'Campus is not very strict about a lot of things except drug and alcohol use in the dorms. They take that pretty seriously.', u'The bar scene on campus is great. There is always something going on and a ton of great promotions.', u'Although tuition is expensive for out of state students, I received the financial aid I needed and the process was very easy.', u"Some days are better than others. I enjoy the salad bar at Mrs. E's, however I wish there were more poultry and fish options and more low calorie options.", u'The dorm I live in is not located very close to my classes. The cost is somewhat expensive for the quality of living. There is constant noise because of neighbors next to and above me. My dorm is in close proximity to the cafeteria so that is beneficial. The people that work at the front desk are always nice and very helpful.', u'You do what you have to do. I live in the dorm (thus cooking is "prohibited"). So I must eat on campus sometime. Breakfast is the best meal (hare to screw up scrambled eggs). Lunch options abound on campus to include Chick-Fil-A. Dinner can be a crap shoot. But, if there is nothing good in Mrs. E\'s, there is always pizza.', u"The dorms are ok. We have dumb rules around when heat and A/C can be turned on so it seems one is always hot or cold. I do like my room- I have a single. No roommate fights. If I want company I can always hang out with someone. The room is fairly Spartan, but since I am out about anyway (usually in a practice room), it's ok. The food is ok. If you do not like cafeteria food, there are plenty of other options on and off campus.", u'It is good most places are chains or are kind of $', u'The school has a great balance', u'There is an automatic academic scholarship', u'The options are endless but most of the dining halls have extremely processed food and most of it is not healthy.', u'KU is an open, friendly, and accepting social and campus. I would not want to live anywhere else. The different dorms are like their own little communities yet they are not exclusive.', u'So many awesome houses surround campus and nice apartments. A lot of unique places because the campus is surrounded by all these old Victorian homes that are taken over by drunk college students. Prices are usually reasonable depending on how much you look, more expensive the closer you get to campus and the less roommates you have', u'Huge variety of places to choose from, all conveniently on Mass and throughout Lawrence. A lot of places deliver and offer student discounts. A lot of trademark Lawrence places and local dining.', u'Average strictness, cheating is usually hard to get away with depending on the teacher, alcohol is easy to get away with as long as you are discreet about it in the dorms. Mostly the students are responsible enough to the point where not a huge amount of security is needed', u"KU is a party school. Some people can't handle it. But for those that can, there is something happening every night of the week. Especially during basketball season. It's crazy but so much fun.", u"KU hardly gives financial aid. I applied and was only offered loans. My roommate that received a grant is having a hard time communicating with the school about attending a community school and transferring back to KU and is being told she has to start paying her loans now. Most people don't even apply if they don't live in a very low income household.", u'Dining hall options are okay - but definitely gets old.\n\nFood on campus - there is a huge selection and its all pretty good, crunchy chicken cheddar wraps are the most popular.', u"Dorms - most all freshmen live in dorms, and eventually move out as sophomores. Rules are generally enforced but easy to get around if you are discreet about drinking. The more expensive dorms are really nice and the cheaper ones are much less. There's a pretty big gap between the two. Dining plans are okay, food is okay but gets old after awhile. Socially, dorms are a great way to meet people and most people meet their group of friends through the dorms.", u'There are a ton of choices, it just depends on whether or not you are willing to waste money.', u"Administration affects everyone's experience differently.", u"It's impossible to have a bad time. If you're going out looking for fun, you'll find it.", u"There's always something to eat, it just isn't always easy to eat healthy.", u'I love living on campus, although my dorm is "private." The students are great and KU really does make you feel at home.', u"Students have a very good chance of getting a job on campus, the workload isn't very difficult to handle", u'The professors are great. They really do wish that their students succeed, Popular study areas are in the library and on grassy areas on campus', u"Their is a variety but I don't eat off campus very often", u'They do their job very well', u'The dorms are really clean and friendly', u"Mrs E's can have their off days where there is nothing good to eat", u'I got money, it was decent.', u'Probably one of the highlights of going to KU.', u'I live in Oliver, not vegetarian friendly, not a lot of options, not open early enough on weekends. I do like the cuisine to go though!', u'My room has no air conditioning, maintenance has come by 4 times and still not fixed it, it was so hot in my room one week I had to sleep elsewhere. I live on the 3rd floor near the loading dock for the kitchens and the sounds are so loud I get woken up at 7 every morning.', u'Many options to live off campus and all quality options.', u'Plenty of great and quality options to eat off campus', u'The University of Kansas does have strict policies but are necessary to ensure the safety of our school.', u'The University of Kansas was able to offer me a fantastic scholarship.', u'Night life at the University of Kansas is always exciting', u"At the University of Kansas, the dining hall food isn't the greatest quality but the unlimited meal plan and large amount of choices make it worth it.", u'At the University of Kansas the residence halls are one of the greatest places to live. The residents are treated fairly and the amenities make the cost well worth it.', u'my apartment is ok, roommate sucks', u'ok choices same as anywhere', u'not really dealing with them', u'dont party much i work', u'There are tons of great deals and choices for students when it come to of campus housing. A lot of these place come fully furnished as well which is helpful.', u'I usually do not go out to eat but I have been recommended to go to multiple place so I assume that the food is very good.', u'I feel like KU is just as struck as the next.', u'This year I had benefits from the GI bill, but the process was kind of annoying.', u'When it comes to parties KU is one of the best schools to attends there is constantly something to do throughout the week, especially during basketball season and the spring when we are winning !!', u"Food is pretty decent it could be a lot better. Sometimes thing taste well but on others I don't want to eat at all.", u"It easy extremely fun living here. Yes, things aren't the best and the newest but the people and community make up for all the bad things. Everyone is polite and very helpful when someone is in need. Cost is a little much for what we are actually living in.", u'been a great experience, good sense of school spirit', u'Not interested in greek life, seem very stereotypical', u'Not really interested in off campus living. Most places look old and run down.', u"Haven't really dined off campus much.", u'There are some things that are more strict than others, not very even', u'confusing process, hard to get any money from the school', u"I don't go partying, but I hear it's great.", u'There are a lot of choices on and off campus. For me I always have a meal at my scholarship hall so I never have to worry about food.', u'I used to live in a dorm, but now I live in a scholarship hall. The difference between the two is huge. I would never go back to dorm life after living in a scholarship hall. There is a stronger sense of community, the facilities are nicer and cleaner. And I live right on the main campus.', u'I enjoy my program so far', u'Not a bad selection for small town', u'okay for small college town', u'Not many options for graduate students', u'This is KU. The school revolves around Basketball season.', u'I love the dining scene off-campus. There are plenty of places to try just on Mass Street alone.', u'I think that the strictness at KU is in the perfect amount. They are rather strict on things like drinking and drug use in dorms, but things like protests and social movements they are very lenient and accepting about.', u"The dorm food isn't the best. It's usually very processed, and very limited in selection. There are VERY little vegetarian options, and I usually end up having to eat only salad and soup for 2 meals a day, which gets very old very fast. The underground and the Union are probably the best places for on campus food, and the Pulse/The Roasterie are the best (and really only) options for things like smoothies and coffee on campus.", u'I have enjoyed living on campus for the most part. There is a lot of drinking that happens off campus by the students who live in the same floor as me, so there is often disruptions during the middle of the night. The campus atmosphere is absolutely centered around Jayhawk Basketball, and with good cause. The cost for in state is reasonable, and I think you get for what you pay for. The food in the dorms is not always the best, but it is worth paying for. The housing process itself is rather simple and stress-free, at least in my experience.', u'Off-campus housing is a good option. There are tons of different houses and apartment complexes to choose from, and the cost is definitely cheaper than on-campus living. However, everywhere is pretty far away from campus, so be prepared to drive.', u"There are tons of restaurants and places to eat around town. If you want it, we've got it.", u'Buses run constantly, however, they are almost always full at certain times.', u'Parking sucks on campus. If you live in the dorm, good luck ever finding parking. Also, all the lots are really far away from classes, so plan on walking a lot.', u'Technology is great! They have tons of computers and places to print, and the WiFi is pretty good throughout campus.', u'Dining hall food is not great, although there are plenty of choices. The food at the unions, though, is really good. Crunchy chicken cheddar all the way!', u'Depending on the dorm, most campus housing is good. They are also building two brand new dorms this year, so those should be nice.', u'I do not receive any aid. I am all on student loans but in terms of aid that I do not have to pay back, I do not get help. I did not get enough loan money to cover my tuition, which in turn forced me to give up some classes I wanted to take or was hoping to, as well as some activities I wanted to do.', u'I love being closer to home to see my family while still enjoying my college experience. Having my close friends here and being able to join various clubs makes things much better. Professors of the Business School here are definitely helpful as well, they have made my semester a great one, and it has just begun.', u'Our Basketball team is one of the top teams in the nation. It is an amazing atmosphere at Allen Field House. I love watching our Baseball Boys as well, and Football gives a nice tailgating environment. Rock Chalk Jayhawk!', u"We have the underground, which gives a small amount of choices such as Chick-Fil-A, salad bars, etc. Not a big variety and of course prices will be much more but it's enough to get you by whenever you need.", u'I have never had problems or a disgust around campus. Everything is well kept and satisfying!', u'I never had to come across experiencing problems, so I am not sure how to answer this personally but based off of reading policies, KU is strict where it needs to be.', u'Now that I am primarily doing course work pertaining to my intended major, the Professors are great and relatable and topics have become much more interesting.', u'Can be a little sloppy at times, but friends make it fun even though things can get crowded.', u"Dining here has a lot of variety from common places you would find in the Kansas City Area, to, local smaller restaurants. There are also your basic fast food places when you're on the go.", u"The variety of off-campus dining is amazing. You can order pizza up to like 4am from various places and they do give student discounts or special offers. there's really something for everyone.", u"I've gotten good academic scholarships and grants. The office is VERY helpful.", u"Students are very diverse. You will find a niche. Everyone is friendly regardless of how they fall socially. I've taken my 2 year old to undergrad events and literally everyone is kind and plays with him.", u"I live in an apartment with my husband and child, it's very nice. The apartment living office is helpful and mantainence is prompt. The dorms are also very spacious, the atmosphere is nice & people are friendly.", u"I don't think they are too strict or too lenient. there are times when things could be handled better, but you can't please everyone.", u"I LOVE my major and program. I'm a human biology major, mostly taking the general science requirements. The workload is enough that I feel challenged but also have a social life. The curriculum is engaging and the professors are helpful and knowledgeable. The undergraduate labs are interesting. Research is fairly easy to get involved with thanks to the Undergraduate Research Center.", u'I think the off-campus housing selection is good. Some bad apples exist, but you find that everywhere. Most property holders are kind and helpful.', u"If you're into athletics, KU's basketball teams are very supported by the student body. Going to the games is a big deal and camping is pretty fun. The facilities in the student gyms are great and the Robinson pool is nice.", u"The Underground is pretty expensive, but the smoothies and coffee from the Pulse are delicious and well worth it. E's usually has a good variety.", u'There are crime & safety issues, but they are always handled very quickly by public safety & KU police. Alerts are sent to students and everyone is aware.', u'This college and town would not be nearly as enjoyable without sports.', u"It's a great town but somewhat small and far away from any big cities.", u'Parties are good for most students it gives them a chance to have a break from school and work.', u'The availability of parking is the worst and is very inconvenient.', u'Class sizes are small if you are in the honors program.', u'The alumni from here are all very proud to have come here and support current students.', u'There are chain restaurants and local restaurants which is nice for out of state students.', u'SAfebus is always around but the lighting could be improved significantly.', u'I like to order out', u"I don't go out much", u'I think that the fan support is a big part of campus', u'There are cameras all over campus but there have been crime scares in the past', u'I had no problems at all', u'There are a little shopping places and have been some safety scares in the past', u"I don't participate much in parties. I did attend a fraternity party that was fun. I think the impact is very positive.", u'Basketball is great. Football leaves a lot to be desired.', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'', u'I like to order out', u"I don't go out much", u'I think that the fan support is a big part of campus', u'There are cameras all over campus but there have been crime scares in the past', u'I had no problems at all', u'There are a little shopping places and have been some safety scares in the past', u"I don't participate much in parties. I did attend a fraternity party that was fun. I think the impact is very positive.", u'Basketball is great. Football leaves a lot to be desired.']